that " no animals were harmed " disclaimer that crops up at the end of movies courtesy of the american humane association seems straightforward enough . but an investigation by gary baum at the hollywood reporter finds that plenty of animals do , in fact , get harmed on sets—even for movies that end up with the label . in one of the more buzzed-about pieces from the story , baum gets hold of an email from an aha rep on the set of life of pi that describes how the " tiger damn near drowned , " instructs the recipient to keep it quiet , and adds , " i have downplayed the f -- - out of it . " ( salon reprints the full email here . ) there 's also the chipmunk that got stepped on and killed in failure to launch , the dog that got repeatedly punched by its trainer in eight below , the nearly 30 goats and sheep that died in the hobbit : an unexpected journey , and all manners of injuries and even deaths to horses over the years on a slew of films . the examples go on and on—there 's all kinds of wiggle room from the aha , especially if the accident occurred off-camera instead of during filming or was accidental—and baum 's piece suggests that aha has gotten too " cozy " with the industry to adequately protect animals . it includes this quote from an aha board member defending the " no animals were harmed " disclaimer : “ i think what people think [ it means ] is that when a horse dies in the movies , it didn ’ t really die , ” she says . " i think that people think [ the aha 's monitoring ] is just when the cameras are rolling . " at slate , lv anderson finds that tough to take : by those standards , " no one cares if you punch , step on , or starve animals as long as there ’ s no camera turned on nearby , " she writes . " if that ’ s the best defense the aha can come up with , i hope the department of agriculture , the governmental agency usually tasked with protecting animals from neglect and abuse , begins sending agents to hollywood very , very soon . " the aha , meanwhile , calls the piece an inaccurate hatchet job in a statement picked up by the sacramento bee . click to read the thr story in full .
