ever wonder what a psychological breakdown looks like up close ? see for yourself in queen of earth from alex ross perry . it follows two friends , one of whom has recently lost her father to suicide and her lover to another woman . here 's what critics are saying : queen of earth is a " startling , razor-sharp thriller " that might solidify perry as " the most skillful young writer-director working in the united states today , " writes calum marsh at village voice . " largely a chamber piece for two women—katherine waterston and elisabeth moss , both excellent in hugely demanding roles—the film also welcomes , and indeed earns , persona comparisons . this is vigorous , frightening , electrifying stuff . " scott tobias at npr was rapt all the way through . the film focuses on the " thorny relationship " between catherine ( moss ) and virginia ( waterston ) over a week . it " is n't a thriller per se , but it has the tension and atmosphere of one , only with emotional violence substituting for the physical kind , " he writes . " catherine 's deterioration feels dread-soaked and dangerous , and it happens with the agonizing deliberateness of a suspense director pulling the strings . " waterston " easily holds your attention , " but it 's moss , " with her intimate expressivity , who annihilates you from first tear to last crushing laugh , " writes manohla dargis at the new york times . she 's " sensational , " and " brings tremendous depth of feeling " to her difficult role , dargis adds . as for the movie , it 's " alternately mesmerizing and suffocating … bringing you uncomfortably close to the action ... only to shove you away . " joe neumaier agrees " this is moss ' show . " she 's " excellent as a woman whose mind is unraveling " in a film that " burrows so deep into a psyche that it 's scary . " the " intense " work " may seem minor but is more than memorable " as it explores " memory , relationships and codependency , between both friends and lovers , " he writes at the new york daily news .
