six people died after losing air conditioning at a florida nursing home whose power was knocked out by hurricane irma , broward county mayor barbara sharief confirmed in a press conference wednesday . sharief said three people died at the rehabilitation center at hollywood hills and two more were declared dead at a hospital , the south florida sun sentinel reports . a sixth death was announced in a press release later wednesday morning . it may have all been due to extreme temperatures at the facility , though the causes of death have n't yet been officially determined . a police rep simply said " a number of people " were " in respiratory distress " at the facility ; 115 people were evacuated from it . more on the deaths and other irma-related news : hollywood police chief tom sanchez says precautionary checks are being performed at the other nursing homes in the area , the miami herald reports . sanchez says a criminal investigation into the deaths has been opened . the airstron employee who had been trying to fix the ac unit tells local 10 that a fuse needed to cool the unit popped out during the hurricane . he says he 's been trying to repair the facility 's unit for days , but florida power & light ( fpl ) has yet to fix the fuse for him despite his phone calls . the washington post reports a rep for fpl noted the county did n't designate the facility as " top critical " —meaning a place given priority attention—during a 2017 hurricane planning meeting . the post separately reported that as of wednesday morning some 40 % of the state was still without power , and that some may not see it for as long as weeks . the mayor of naples , fla. , put it bluntly : " the biggest issue is power . it ’ s 92 degrees and the sun is out and it ’ s smoking out there. ” fpl 's best estimate at this point for when power will be restored to those along the state 's west coast : sept. 22 . carbon monoxide is also an issue in the wake of the storm : the los angeles times reports that at least five people have died and more than a dozen others have been treated after breathing carbon monoxide fumes from generators .
