the author of the explosive dossier dogging donald trump less than 10 days before his inauguration has been named as a former british intelligence officer—but the investigative firm he co-directs wo n't confirm or deny his involvement . sources tell the wall street journal that the document was prepared by christopher steele , a former russia expert in britain 's spy service who founded the orbis business intelligence research firm in 2009 . the new york times , in a look at how the dossier came to light , reports that steele was hired by washington research firm fusion gps , which was hired by a wealthy gop donor in the fall of 2015 to compile anti-trump material . after trump became the presumptive nominee , the gop donor no longer needed the research firm 's services , but wealthy democratic donors stepped in , and steele continued to send monthly memos detailing alleged russian efforts to both compromise trump and assist his campaign , per the times ' sources . in other coverage : the guardian looks at john mccain 's involvement , which apparently included clandestine efforts to obtain the dossier after hearing about it from a diplomat during a conference in canada . " upon examination of the contents , and unable to make a judgment about their accuracy , i delivered the information to the director of the fbi , " mccain said in a statement wednesday . the ap reports that it has been unable to contact steele . a neighbor of the former spy , who lives outside london , says steele and his family are away and it 's not clear when they will return . intelligence chiefs are defending their decision to take the very unusual step of attaching a summary of the unverified dossier to last week 's briefing on russian hacking , the washington post reports . " part of our obligation is to ensure that policymakers are provided with the fullest possible picture of any matters that might affect national security , " director of national intelligence james clapper said wednesday . he said he spoke with trump and expressed dismay at the " extremely corrosive " leaks in the press . early thursday , trump tweeted that clapper had called him " to denounce the false and fictitious report that was illegally circulated . " he added : " made up , phony facts.too bad ! " politico looks at how democrats are dealing with trump 's russia troubles . so far , senators have been more restrained than house members , some of whom have started referring to trump as " moscow donald . " the new york times reports that trump is facing a backlash from jewish groups for wondering if we " are living in nazi germany " when he was criticizing intelligence agencies ' handling of what he called " fake news . " at the intercept , glenn greenwald calls the dossier " farcical " and warns that this episode could backfire badly for democratic operatives and others treating the dossier as gospel . he warns that if it is proved false , it will " forever discredit ... future journalistic exposés that are based on actual , corroborated wrongdoing . "
