moses farrow , brother to dylan farrow and adopted son of woody allen , minces no words when it comes to his sister 's allegations of sexual abuse at the hands of their father : " of course woody did not molest my sister , " moses , 36 , tells people . " she loved him and looked forward to seeing him when he would visit . she never hid from him until our mother succeeded in creating the atmosphere of fear and hate towards him . " he goes on to say that on the day in question , everyone who was in the house was in public , and neither woody nor dylan ever went off privately . " i don ’ t know if my sister really believes she was molested or is trying to please her mother , " moses says , claiming that mia farrow often hit him when he was a child and went into rages if she was not obeyed . moses is now estranged from his mother and many of his siblings , but is close to allen and his wife , moses ' adopted half-sister soon-yi previn . moses calls the whole fiasco mia 's " vengeful way to pay [ allen ] back for falling in love with soon-yi . " in a piece written last month , allen documentarian robert b. weide noted that while moses , 15 at the time dylan accused allen , initially refused contact with his father , he recently told weide he 's now " finally seeing the reality " of what happened and used the term " brainwashing . " dylan was quick to respond to her brother 's public change of heart : she tells people , " my brother is dead to me , " adding , " my mother never coached me . she never planted false memories in my brain . my memories are mine . i remember them . " she also denies her mother hit anyone . moses is n't the only one publicly doubting dylan 's story : stephen king made waves monday when he responded to a new inquiry piece on the allegations by saying , " boy , i ’ m stumped on that one . i don ’ t like to think it ’ s true , and there ’ s an element of palpable bitchery there , but ... " of course , salon reports , he followed that up with a tweet : " have no opinion on the accusations ; hope they 're not true . probably used the wrong word . "
