apparently baywatch should have stayed off the big screen . though audiences appear to mildly enjoy director seth gordon 's big-screen revamp , giving it a 62 % rating on rotten tomatoes , critics are drowning it in bad reviews for a 19 % rating . here 's what they 're saying : " a baywatch movie need n't be high art—its tv inspiration certainly wasn't—but did it have to be this inane ? " asks brian lowry at cnn . he claims you 'd have about as much luck finding a lost item buried in sand as you would finding a laugh in this movie . as for those beach babes , they 're " skimpy compensation to justify a water-logged trip back to the beach that , the rock notwithstanding , sinks like a stone . " it works for the first half-hour or so thanks to zac efron and dwayne johnson 's " playful chemistry , " but then it starts to drown . and sadly , " baywatch ca n't rescue itself from a puddle , " writes adam graham at detroit news . it " wants to be smart-dumb , but winds up being dumb-dumb … a few funnies , some tanned , toned bodies and a half-baked plot . " but then , this is baywatch . " what did you expect ? " yes , it 's " lightweight , a tiny bit crude and a trillion grains of sand away from anything approaching realism . but it 's also a lot of fun , " stephanie zacharek writes at time . the jokes—which are , perhaps surprisingly , not made at the expense of female characters—are " plain dumb , " but still generate a laugh , she writes . plus , it 's hard not to enjoy all the beautiful people . " you could do worse , " zacharek concludes . bruce demara wholeheartedly disagrees . this is a movie for " immature , socially maladjusted males . " for everyone else , " even sand in your shorts would be less annoying , " he writes at the toronto star . there 's no true connection to the tv series , the plot is ridiculous , the scenes are too long , and the actors … well , efron " is just plain bad , " and even johnson is " not particularly appealing , " demara writes . " give this one a pass . "
