" this is a tragedy that no community should have to experience , " charleston police chief greg mullen told reporters after a mass shooting at a historic black church left nine people dead . " i do believe this was a hate crime , " he says of the attack , which is believed to have been carried out by a young white man who is still at large . the president of the charleston naacp tells the post and courier that a survivor says the gunman briefly sat down in the emanuel ame church before opening fire on a prayer meeting , but at a news conference this morning , mullen said the shooter stuck around for almost an hour before the shooting began , the ap reports . mullen also distributed a surveillance video of a possible suspect and vehicle , and added that the victims were six females and three males . the naacp chief says the gunman told one woman he was letting her live so she could tell others what happened . " it is unfathomable that somebody in today 's society would walk into a church when people are having a prayer meeting and take their lives , " mullen told reporters . " i can assure you that we 're going to do everything in our power to find this individual , to lock him up and to make sure he does n't hurt anyone else . " mayor joe riley called the suspect " one hateful person , " describing the shooting as " the most dastardly act that one could possibly imagine . " in other developments : helicopters are circling charleston in the search for the suspect , who 's described as a white male , around 21 years old , slender , clean-shaven , and wearing a gray sweatshirt , blue jeans , and timberland boots , the guardian reports . police say he is " obviously extremely dangerous . " state sen. clementa pinckney , the church 's pastor , was in the church at the time of the attack , and state house minority leader todd rutherford tells the ap that the lawmaker was among those killed . the 41-year-old " never had anything bad to say about anybody , even when i thought he should , " rutherford says . " he was always out doing work either for his parishioners or his constituents . he touched everybody . " the post and courier has more on the history of the church , which it calls the " spiritual home to one of the oldest and largest black congregations south of baltimore , " and which many in the city call " mother emanuel . " its roots go back to 1816 , and it was burned after one of its founders tried to organize a slave revolt in 1822 . members went underground until after the civil war , when the church adopted the name " emanuel . " jeb bush has canceled a charleston campaign appearance scheduled for today , the new york times reports . a campaign aide for hillary clinton says she was in the city yesterday but left before the shooting .
