texas is bracing for the arrival of hurricane harvey , a storm that meteorologists say could turn into a slow-moving " monster " that batters the state for several days . harvey is expected to make landfall as a category 3 hurricane late friday or early saturday , and accuweather meteorologist alex sosnowski says it " may be nothing short of a flooding disaster " for texas , usa today reports . forecasters say that after it moves ashore , harvey is likely to end up trapped between two areas of high pressure , keeping it stalled over texas for up to five days , dumping as much as 35 inches of rain on parts of the state . the latest developments : the national weather service says ingredients including warm water and calm air high up have made harvey a potentially life-threatening storm , with a possible storm surge 12 feet high and winds up to 125mph . " it 's a very dangerous storm , " national weather service director louis uccellini tells the ap . " it does have all the ingredients it needs to intensify . and we 're seeing that intensification occur quite rapidly . " the service 's safety resources can be found here . the latest from the national hurricane center is here . harvey strengthened to a category 2 hurricane early friday , cnn reports . several counties along the coast had already issued evacuation orders . if it does become a category 3 by the time it is expected to make landfall around 70 miles northeast of corpus christi , it will be the first storm that size to hit the us since hurricane wilma in oct. 2005 the corpus christi caller-times looks at what people can expect from a category 3 hurricane—and at what people who choose to ride it out instead of following recommendations to evacuate should do . with massive flooding and power outages possible in the houston area , people have been rushing to stock up on essentials , causing chaos at grocery stores and gas stations , the houston chronicle reports . liquor stores are also experiencing a huge rise in demand . texas gov . greg abbott 's office says president trump has called the governor and offered whatever federal resources are needed , khou reports . abbott has already declared a state of disaster in 30 counties . he has also activated 700 texas national guard members . interstate 37 's northbound lanes were clogged with traffic late thursday as people fled the corpus christi area . " there is no doubt in my mind that the city will flood , " resident angie flores , who went to austin with her husband and their four dogs , tells the american-statesman . " there are some people who are n't going to leave because they think it ’ s going to be a good time . i worry about them . "
