hillary clinton spoke with walt mossberg and kara swisher at recode 's codecon on wednesday , and she did not hold back . in vox 's view , she spared her campaign but heaped plenty of blame on others , including russia , the media , and the dnc . " i get the nomination , i 'm now the nominee of the democratic party , " she explained . " i inherit nothing from the democratic party , " she says , emphasizing the word " nothing . " asked mossberg , " what do you mean , nothing ? " she continued , " i mean , it was bankrupt ; it was on the verge of insolvency ; its data was mediocre to poor , nonexistent , wrong . i had to inject money into it , the dnc , to keep it going . " donald trump , on the other hand , did nothing himself related to data , she said , but inherited a $ 100 million " tried-and-true , effective " data foundation from the rnc . more : " i take responsibility for every decision i made , but that 's not why i lost , " clinton said , per cnbc . " i was the victim of a very broad assumption that i was going to win . " but that 's not all . politico reports she made the case , as she has done in the past , that former fbi director james comey 's letter to congress was part of her undoing . " the overriding issue that affected the election that i had any control over—because i had no control over the russians—was the way the use of my email account was turned into the greatest scandal since lord knows when . this was the biggest 'nothing burger ' ever . " and yet the media covered it " like it was pearl harbor , " she said . as for the russians , " if you look at facebook , the vast majority of the news items posted were fake . they were connected to—as we now know—the 1,000 russian agents who were involved in delivering those messages . they were connected to the bots that are just out of control . " vox points out that much of that statement is based on unconfirmed reports . speaking of the russians , " i thought it was a hidden message to the russians , " clinton quipped about president trump 's " covfefe " tweet , reports politico . " you ’ ve got all kinds of stuff happening . why ? to divert attention . it ’ s like 'covfefe'—trending worldwide . maybe for a minute you 'll forget the latest accusations about them conspiring with russia or their trillion-dollar mathematical mistake in their budget or depriving 23 million people of health care . " mossberg asked clinton why , if she knew she was going to run , she took on paid speaking engagements from goldman sachs . she shot back , " why do you have goldman sachs here ? " replied swisher , " cause they pay us . " said clinton , " they paid me . "
