before last night 's live production of the sound of music on nbc , emma brockes summed up everything that was certainly going to be wrong with it in the guardian : the original , beloved though it may be , " is basically terrible : too long , too pious , too labored in its point-making . " but julie andrews managed to find " a little quietness and subtlety in the score , " whereas " underwood , judging by the teasers , will go at it with the pop-eyed mania of someone performing for simon cowell , " brockes writes . " there are certain things one does n't look to winners of american idol to deliver and guilelessness is one of them . " so how did it actually end up ? most reviewers seem to agree brockes was right : in time , charlotte alter sums things up with her headline : " how do you solve a problem like carrie underwood ? " she deems the show " so cringe-worthy that it was at least fun to watch " and rounds up nine things that went wrong , including stephen moyer , who played captain von trapp : his " accent was sometimes german and sometimes english , which was weird because underwood ’ s accent was always southern . " she also offers up suggestions for actors who would have done a better job than underwood , including morgan freeman . on the daily beast , kevin fallon feels basically the same way : " was carrie underwood a good maria ? no . was nbc 's decision to do a live staging of the sound of music a good one ? maybe not . was it fun anyway ? actually , kinda , " he writes . " to say that underwood was no julie andrews is one of life 's greatest certainties , and maybe it 's not fair to compare the two stars . but the truth is that millions of people tuned in thursday night to do just that , compare underwood to andrews ... and then throw her off an alps cliff when she did n't measure up . " as for the production itself , it " came off without a hitch , " writes marc bernardin at the hollywood reporter . that 's " no easy feat with so many moving parts and opportunities for blown lines or staircase stumbles ( oh , how i wished for a staircase stumble to lighten the three hours ) . " and the non-underwood cast , with the exception of a constipated-looking moyer , was very strong .
