" no president has ever visited the homelands and holy sites of the jewish , christian , and muslim faiths all on one trip , " says national security adviser hr mcmaster—and president trump 's critics say there are probably good reasons why . trump departs friday for an ambitious first foreign trip as president that will include saudi arabia , israel , and the vatican , a nato meeting in belgium , and the g7 summit in sicily . a roundup of coverage : trump 's first stop on the nine-day trip will be saudi arabia , where he is expected to address the leaders of 50 muslim countries , cnn reports . mcmaster says trump 's goal is " to unite peoples of all faiths around a common vision of peace , progress , and prosperity , " and his speech in riyadh will focus on the need to " confront radical ideology " and allow a " peaceful vision of islam " to dominate . trump 's second stop will be israel , where his plans include visits to the western wall and the west bank town of bethlehem . newsweek reports that the president had to call off a planned speech at the ancient hilltop site of masada after israel declined to allow a helicopter landing . a source tell the jerusalem post that trump will not propose a peace plan at this point , though he may state his opposition to israeli settlement expansion . the president 's european stops will include meetings with pope francis and dozens of other leaders and heads of state , time reports in a detailed look at his itinerary . among them will be new french president emmanuel macron , who will meet trump for a working lunch may 25 . sources tell the new york times that trump has complained to friends that he does n't really want to go on the trip . his critics , fearing the possibility of monumental gaffes , would also like him to stay home . stephen j. hadley , george w. bush 's national security adviser , however , says such trips are tightly controlled and trump will probably be at ease on the world stage . " remember , trump is a nothing if not a showman , " hadley says . “ he ’ s been very public for decades and very conscious about how he comes across in the media . " heritage foundation foreign policy expert james carofano tells the washington post that the trip abroad will be an opportunity for trump to have a fresh start after his troubles in dc . " the great thing about a trip , they control the environment , you control the interaction , you control the agenda and you control the press access , " he says . " if you fumble on one of these trips , it ’ s nobody ’ s fault but your own . " larry sabato , head of the university of virginia center for politics , disagrees . he tells the ap no other president has made a first foreign trip amid so much controversy . " he 's already a president viewed skeptically by much of the world . and while the pictures from the trip may be great , the white house ca n't change the headlines that will follow him wherever he goes , " he says . melania trump will be accompanying her husband on the trip , and her itinerary includes g7 and nato spousal programs as well as speaking to american military families in italy , politico reports . " this will not just be an opportunity to support my husband as he works on important matters of national security and foreign relations , it will also be my honor to visit and speak with women and children from different countries , " she said in a statement thursday . ( trump is rumored to be planning to appoint callista gingrich as the us ambassador to the vatican . )
