after expanding the search to vermont , authorities hunting escaped prisoners richard matt and david sweat have descended on a village just a few miles from the prison . police have closed a stretch of state route 374 and ordered residents of cadyville , ny , to stay inside and keep their exterior lights on , residents tell wptz . in other developments : timothy vail was the last man to escape from a new york prison , according to the new york daily news , and he says he hopes matt and sweat can avoid capture . he tells the daily news that he hopes they " stay out of sight and do n't commit any new crimes . " vail , who raped and murdered a pregnant woman in 1988 , injured himself while escaping from the elmira correctional facility in 2003 and was recaptured within two days after he and a fellow fugitive stole a van . police officers who 've dealt with matt say he is the most evil criminal they 've encountered , and he was trouble from a very early age , the rochester democrat and chronicle reports . the former chief of police in north tonawanda , near where matt grew up , says he 's around the same age as the 48-year-old and that long before matt 's first arrest , he had a " fearsome " reputation and was known for terrorizing other kids on the school bus . an officer in tonawanda tells the paper that in 1986—11 years before his arrest for a gruesome local murder—matt broke out of a correctional facility and was recaptured a few days later . early reports described the pair as among the first to escape in the clinton correctional facility 's long history , but dozens of men have made it out in various ways since the forbidding dannemora , ny , institution opened in 1845 , the new york times reports . in 1860 , a fraudster known as the " gay deceiver " put on civilian clothes , strolled out the gate , and was n't recaptured for a year . a history professor tells the times that the first escapes happened just weeks after the prison opened . the reform-minded warden decided not to punish the two men after they were recaptured , the professor says , but it was n't long before a new warden installed a dungeon for solitary confinement , where punishments included waterboarding .
