love actually fans went nuts when it was announced that a 12-minute sequel would air during the uk 's red nose day as part of its comic relief special last friday . the spot does n't officially air in the us until may , but this being 2017 and all , video snippets and recaps abound . and , well , bad news for those aforementioned fans—many people say the love actually bit was not so great . spoilers ahead : on cracked , amanda mannen writes that the sequel " destroys " the original movie . you find out that mark apparently has n't seen his one-time best friend peter at all in the 13 years since he declared his love for peter 's new bride in the film , then-little-boy sam never did move on from joanna and may in fact have creepily followed her to the united states , and jamie and aurelia still do n't speak one another 's languages . bottom line ? " love actually is more complicated than a slightly overlong christmas movie , and that 's kind of terrifying . " at the mirror , adam postans describes the sequel bit as " a poor man ’ s four weddings and a funeral that ­delivered precisely nothing . " at the guardian , barbara ellen suggests the sequel should have been named guff actually . " it was all lousy jokes and texted-in performances and looked as though it had been cobbled together by fourth formers as an end-of-term project , " she writes . another guardian reviewer , peter bradshaw , calls the spot " bafflingly weak . " he does note that , as to the inevitable question of who aged the best , it 's clearly martine mccutcheon , who played the prime minister 's wife— " she genuinely does n't look any different from 2003 . " the sequel has taught us that " if you get together in christmas 2003 , you will stay together forever . it ’ s just science , " writes anna leszkiewicz at the new statesman . " even if you ’ ve spent nearly 14 years clinging onto public office . even if you were a literal child when you met . even if you hate your wife so much you refuse to learn her first language . " but not everyone was disappointed . radio times calls the sketch " funny " and " poignant , " the telegraph calls it " winningly nostalgic and a triumphant return , " and vanity fair and rte round up tweets from satisfied viewers ( who especially loved hugh grant dancing again ) .
