it 's pretty much unanimous : critics are in love with kurt cobain : montage of heck , the documentary produced by cobain 's daughter , which hits theaters today before premiering on hbo next month . with interviews from his parents , courtney love , and more , it offers an intimate look at the star who committed suicide at 27 . here 's what critics are saying : director brett morgen " gives us the man instead of the myth " in a documentary that makes " cobain 's story feel not only comprehensive and fresh but revelatory , " chris nashawaty writes at entertainment weekly . some parts , including a home video of cobain nodding off on drugs , are " uncomfortable , " but " morgen is n't interested in hagiography . he wants to show us the real kurt cobain , warts and all . " the result is , in a word , " brilliant . " " the movie creates a portrait of cobain that ’ s more intimate , and more disturbing , than any that fans have witnessed before , " writes jim farber at the new york daily news . it " downplays commentary to stress raw evidence drawn from cobain 's deep archives . " viewers will see " a strung-out cobain struggling to hold his infant daughter , " farber writes , and hear him speak about a high school suicide attempt . the film as a whole leaves " questions , frustrations , and a chill . " " edited from thousands of photographs , home movies , and audio clips " the " source materials alone [ make ] this film a must-see for any hard-core nirvana fan , " charles r. cross writes at the seattle times . the highlights come in " segments where noirish animations dramatize stories cobain himself narrates in audio . " though the " many powerful images on screen ... begin to overwhelm the viewer , " most will be left " cheering . " mike hale describes the film as a " seamless mystery ride " that " concentrates on cobain the writer , draftsman , and personality . " morgen " finds abundant clues and premonitions in cobain ’ s writings " to suggest that " insecurity and shame " played a role in his suicide , though the truth remains elusive , hale writes at the new york times . his favorite part ? seeing an " angelic " cobain as a child in the first half of the two-hour-plus film . frances bean cobain recently spoke publicly about her dad .
