yet another ruling in the amanda knox case is coming from italy 's highest court today . knox and then-boyfriend raffaele sollecito were convicted in the 2007 murder of meredith kercher in 2009 , acquitted on appeal in 2011 ( at which point knox returned to the us ) , had that acquittal overturned in 2013 , and were then found guilty again last year . as the new york times and the ap report , italy 's top court , the court of cassation , has a number of options : confirm the convictions : that would mean italy would likely attempt to extradite knox , who has maintained her innocence and vowed not to return to the country willingly , though there is a chance the justice ministry would decline to do so . sollecito , who is still in italy , would go to prison immediately to serve his sentence . order new appellate trials for knox and/or sollecito : yes , you read that right : this saga may still not be over . if this court decides to throw out all or part of the appeals court 's guilty verdict , it will likely order a third trial . ( to give you an idea of how long this could go on , one 1972 murder case went to the court of cassation nine times before a final verdict was issued , 28 years later . ) throw out the guilty verdict without ordering new trials : this would amount to an acquittal , leaving knox free to visit italy without fear of arrest , but the ap notes that " such a decision is rare . " if an extradition request is made for knox , a professor of international law tells the times the us will likely grant it , though it would be a " hard " decision . the two countries do have an extradition treaty , and another expert tells the ap there is no formal reason—though there are a number of political ones—for italy to not bother asking in the first place . ( some have argued the concept of " double jeopardy " could be used to block knox 's extradition , though others have debunked that idea . ) it 's not clear when the ruling is expected , but the bbc 's live updates noted that the hearing was " underway " as of 7am eastern time .
