wendy davis took her 10 hours of filibustering fame and extended it by at least 15 minutes , appearing on three sunday shows today and unloading on texas republicans trying to push through a 20-week abortion ban . “ gov . perry and lt. gov . dewhurst are willing to … put women in harm ’ s way in order to step up on the political ladder , ” she said , adding that republicans " mismanaged the clock terribly last time , and ran roughshod over a lot of our senate rules and traditions to try to ram this bill through . and they ’ ll probably be a bit smarter . but what they now have to confront is that the eyes of texas , the eyes of the country are watching. ” as for rick perry 's musings on her beginnings , she responded thusly : " my life story is something that belongs to me . i had choices and chances and opportunities . what i 'm working to fight for is to make sure that all women have the ability to do that . " elsewhere on the sunday dial , as per politico : nancy pelosi on edward snowden : “ we have to know what is it that he has . and i do n't know that he has that much substance . he may know something about the machinery . i do n't know that he knows that much about the content . but now that he 's threatening to share information with russia and china , if he in fact he has any information , i think that should disabuse anybody of the notion that he is a hero. ” and furthermore : “ i think it 's pretty good that he 's stuck in the moscow airport . that 's ok with me . he can stay there , that 's fine. ” former nsa chief michael hayden on nsa leak : it has caused " significant " damage , and “ in an ideal world , i ’ d keep all of this secret because any of it i make public slices some of my operational advantage away from me . but democracies like ours don ’ t get to do something over a long period of time without national consensus . " conservative leader ralph reed says prop 8 supporters are n't bigots : joe biden and pat leahy were among dems who " voted for this law and bill clinton , who signed it into law , ( so were they ) intolerant and motivated by an animus toward gays ? obama was 14 months ago . was he a bigot 14 months ago ? "
