hurricane harvey has devastated texas , and it 's also bringing bad news for drivers across the nation . harvey 's impact on the gulf coast caused several major refineries and a key gasoline pipeline to shut down , the ap reports . what that means : prices are on the rise : per gasbuddy , the average price of a gallon of gas in the us was $ 2.469 thursday afternoon . that 's up 2.3 cents from wednesday , 11.7 cents from last week , 15.1 cents from last month , and 24.3 cents from last year . they 're even higher in some areas : reuters , citing aaa data , says fuel prices in georgia and north carolina are up 17 cents a gallon from a week ago ; in south carolina , almost 20 cents . and they 're likely to go higher : per business insider , gas futures for both september and october are up . in fact , thursday was their eighth straight day of gains , their longest rising streak in four years . there 's also the problem of gas availability : the ap reports that quiktrip , one of the biggest convenience store chains in the country , is going to stop selling gas entirely at about half of its stores in the dallas-fort worth metro area in anticipation of shortages . even locations that have gas may run out : the star-telegram reports that convenience store operators and gasoline retailers are warning there 's a major chance some texas locations will run out of gas this weekend due to supply chain disruptions . specifics on those disruptions : colonial , the largest pipeline operator in the country , has shut down key fuel lines ( al.com ) and motiva enterprises ' port arthur , texas refinery , the biggest in the country , may be closed for as long as two weeks ( cnbc ) . some of the other refineries and pipelines affected are starting back up , cnbc reports . a dire quote : " hurricane harvey has potentially cut us fuel-making capacity to the lowest level since 2008 , " per bloomberg . and another : " this is going to be the worst thing the us has seen in decades from an energy standpoint , " a market analyst tells reuters . what 's being done to help : per bloomberg , the epa is exempting many southeastern states from requirements that they use fuel meeting clean-air standards . and cnnmoney reports the trump administration is tapping the emergency us oil reserve ; the energy department will send 500,000 barrels of oil from the strategic petroleum reserve to the phillips 66 refinery in louisiana . that could help with gas prices .
