a student who was stabbed in the liver remains in critical condition following today 's rampage at a high school in suburban pittsburgh that left 23 others injured and a sophomore in custody . the suspect is 16-year-old alex hribal , and he has been charged as an adult with four counts of attempted homicide and 21 counts of aggravated assault . the motive remains unclear , but the ap says police are investigating reports of a threatening phone call between hribal and another student last night . it was n't clear which of the two made the call . the accounts of exactly what happened at franklin regional high school in murrysville are still unfolding , but authorities say assistant principal sam king and a security guard at the school tackled and subdued the attacker in a hallway . some other details emerging : the attack began in a classroom when hribal pulled out two 8-inch kitchen knives and began slashing students , reports the pittsburgh post-gazette . he reportedly followed them as they fled into the hallway and stabbed others as he ran . during the assault , the attacker " was very quiet , " student mia meixner tells cnn . " he just was kind of doing it . and he had this , like , look on his face that he was just crazy and he was just running around just stabbing whoever was in his way . " a doctor at a nearby hospital said a female student with " an amazing amount of composure " likely saved the life of one of the more seriously injured male students by applying pressure to his wounds . that appears to be junior gracie evans , who recounts to the pittsburgh newspaper : " my friend was on his stomach , and the other kid who was severely injured was told to sit up . i knew that was n't right . i said to a few students , we need pressure on this wound , and they gave me some paper towels , and i held pressure on that wound for about 10 minutes . " authorities say 22 people were stabbed or slashed , all but one of them students , and two more students suffered other injuries in the chaos .
