in what one analyst calls a " digital temper tantrum , " hackers linked to the russian government have hacked into the world anti-doping agency 's olympic database and released information on star american athletes , including serena and venus williams . wada has confirmed the security breach , and the hacking group " fancy bears " —which was apparently motivated by revenge for wada 's exposure of state-sponsored russian doping—says there are more leaks to come , the washington post reports . a roundup of developments : fancy bears also posted information on gymnast simone biles and basketball player elena delle donne relating to " therapeutic use exemptions " that allow athletes to use banned substances for valid medical reasons , the independent reports . the hackers claimed the exemptions were " licenses for doping . " wada says it believes the attacks were carried out with a " spear-phishing " attack that gathered passwords with emails to authorized users that convinced them to click on infected links . according to the leaked documents , biles uses medication to treat adhd . " having adhd , and taking medicine for it is nothing to be ashamed of " and " nothing that i 'm afraid to let people know , " she tweeted in response . venus williams , who was diagnosed with the autoimmune disease sjogren 's syndrome in 2011 , issued a statement saying she followed all the rules and was disappointed " that my private , medical data has been compromised by hackers and published without my permission . " the fancy bears group is believed to be linked to the russian military intelligence agency suspected of hacking the dnc , reports the new york times , which notes that the kremlin " has gone to to great lengths to maintain plausible deniability in matters of espionage " —and denies involvement in the wada hack . the hackers are " trying to sow doubt over the integrity of the individual athletes and the various olympic bodies and watchdog groups , " rich barger of cybersecurity firm threatconnect tells the post . " it 's just ultimately sour grapes . what we 're seeing here is a digital temper tantrum . " us anti-doping agency chief travis tygart called the hack " cowardly and despicable , " saying that the athletes involved had " done everything right in adhering to the global rules for obtaining permission to use a needed medication , " the bbc reports . fancy bears , which claims to be allied with anonymous , says it will release information on other countries ' athletes this week , reports the ap , which found that a french phone number provided by the group was bogus and the mailing address it gave was that of a florist east of paris .
