" are we really willing to risk los angeles or chicago in retaliation for an attack on a us military base in the region ? probably not , " nuclear strategy specialist vipin narang tells the ap . and that 's exactly the calculation that gives north korea a small shot at " winning " in a nuclear conflict , challenging the assumption that launching a nuclear weapon would be automatic suicide for the country . if north korea feels threatened to the point of using a nuclear weapon , a first target would likely be a us military base in japan ; north korea would then use its long-range nukes to threaten the us mainland and avoid a retaliatory strike . experts say this is kim jong un 's " theory of victory " —one that president trump may be attempting to combat with an unsuccessful version of the " madman strategy . " here 's what else you need to know about north korea 's most-recent missile launch : tuesday 's missile launch over japan seems likely to result in even more sanctions against north korea . but after un sanctions aug. 5 targeted millions of dollars in seafood , coal , iron ore , and more , is there anything left to sanction ? cnn reports two options are oil and chinese banks . after tuesday 's missile launch , trump said " all options are on the table . " this was , all things considered , a " measured " response from the president , according to the atlantic . it was an official statement instead of a tweet , did n't threaten " fire and fury , " and avoided calling kim jong un a " wack job . " the guardian reports on the scary morning had by residents of japan , who were awoken around 6am tuesday by a government missile warning on their phones . they were given less than 10 minutes to get to a shelter or sturdy building as sirens and special broadcasts blared . the missile test impacted us markets , with the dow dropping more than 100 points tuesday morning , reuters reports . the stock market would recover by the afternoon as the threat passed . korea expert stephan haggard tells the washington post that tuesday was another example of how " weirdly conservative " kim jong un is—carrying out provocative actions with just enough restraint to avoid an actual response . for example , pointing the missile toward japan , not guam . finally , russia 's deputy foreign minister blamed the us and south korea for tuesday 's nuclear test and came out against further sanctions against north korea , saying they have n't prevented missile tests in the past and wo n't in the future , newsweek reports .
