authorities say one of two suspects in the boston marathon bombing is dead and a massive manhunt is under way for the other , who has been identified as 19-year-old dzhokhar a. tsarnaev . boston is effectively shut down in the meantime : residents of boston , watertown , newton , waltham , belmont , cambridge , and the allston-brighton neighborhoods of boston were told to remain in their homes ; mass transit has been halted ; businesses were asked not to open ; and the boston globe reports that at least 16 area colleges have canceled classes . what we know of what happened overnight , per the ap and the washington post : the middlesex district attorney says the two men are suspected of killing an mit police officer at the college last night after the officer responded to a disturbance , then stealing a car at gunpoint and later releasing its driver unharmed . ( all just hours after police released photos of the bombing suspects . ) authorities say the suspects threw explosives from the car as police followed it into watertown ; witnesses reported hearing multiple gunshots and explosions at about 1am . a transit police officer was critically wounded . the suspects and police exchanged gunfire and one of the suspects was critically injured and later died at a hospital while the other escaped . doctors at boston 's beth israel deaconess medical center say they treated a man with a possible blast injury and multiple gunshot wounds . they would n't confirm that the patient , who came in with police , was the suspect in the black hat from marathon surveillance footage . police say the suspect on loose is a " terrorist " who " came here to kill people . " governor deval patrick held a press conference with police this morning extending the shelter-in-place warning to all of boston . " there is a massive manhunt underway , " he assured reporters . " we 've got every asset that we can possibly muster on the ground right now . " authorities have identified the mit officer who was killed as 26-year-old sean collier of somerville , according to the boston globe . the mbta police officer who was injured has been identified as richard h. donohue .
