after a military coup attempt that now appears to be firmly quashed , the turkish government is focusing its wrath on saylorsburg , pennsylvania . the town is home to fethullah gulen , an influential cleric who leads a popular movement called hizmet , and president recep tayyib erdogan blames his followers for the coup attempt that left at least 161 dead in overnight clashes , the new york times reports . " i have a message for pennsylvania : you have engaged in enough treason against this nation , " erdogan said early saturday . " if you dare , come back to your country . " gulen , a moderate muslim cleric who has lived in the us since 1999 , was erdogan 's ally until 2013 , when the leader blamed him for corruption allegations . in other coverage : vox has more on the gulenist movement , which runs a large network of schools and supports interfaith dialogue , secular democracy , science , and a progressive stance on social issues . gulen says he condemns the coup attempt " in the strongest terms . " the ap reports that john kerry says the us would consider an extradition request for gulen , though nothing has been received yet and firm evidence would be required . " we fully anticipate that there will be questions raised about mr. gulen , " kerry told reporters . " and obviously we would invite the government of turkey , as we always do , to present us with any legitimate evidence that withstands scrutiny . " the new york times looks at how the fallout from the coup will make the region 's politics even more complicated for the us and europe , which saw erdogan 's government as a stable and reliable ally . " the danger here is this could spiral out of control and turn into a full-blown civil war , " says former us ambassador to turkey eric s. edelman . cnn reports on how many civilian supporters of erdogan stood up to the coup attempt , in some cases blocking military vehicles with their cars and even lying down in front of tanks . almost 3,000 military service members have been arrested and almost the same number of judges have been removed from their duties in what appears to be a nationwide purge of gulen supporters , the guardian reports . reuters reports that erdogan , who had been vacationing on the country 's southeast coast , addressed thousands of supporters after flying into ankara 's airport early saturday. " this uprising is a gift from god to us because this will be a reason to cleanse our army , " he said . turkey 's prime minister binali yildirim says 161 people were killed and 1,440 were injured in the coup attempt , but a government source tells the ap that the figures exclude coup plotters , meaning the true toll could be much higher . greece says it will return a blackhawk helicopter flown to the country from turkey , but it will examine the asylum claims made by the eight military members on board , including two majors , the ap reports .
