as australia mourns two hostages killed in a sydney cafe yesterday , many are wondering what gunman man haron monis was doing on the streets in the first place . the iranian-born cleric , who was killed when police commandos stormed the cafe , was on bail for around 50 counts of sexual and indecent assault and for charges of being an accessory to the murder of his ex-wife . the 31-year-old mother of two was stabbed repeatedly and set on fire with the use of lighter fluid last april , allegedly by monis ' girlfriend . the crime happened in an apartment stairwell . more : australian prime minister tony abbott says the government will look into why the 50-year-old was out on bail and why he did not appear on the country 's terrorist watch list , the bbc reports . " how can someone who has had such a long and checkered history not be on the appropriate watch lists , and how can someone like that be entirely at large in the community ? " he wondered at a press conference today . " these are questions that we need to look at carefully and calmly and methodically . " just three days before he walked into the cafe with a gun and took 17 people hostage , monis had failed in an attempt to overturn a conviction for sending " grossly offensive " letters to the families of australian soldiers killed in afghanistan , reports the sydney morning herald . the country 's high court rejected his application to hear a fresh constitutional challenge to the charges against him , for which he was sentenced to 300 hours of community service . monis , who declared himself to be a sheikh and a " spiritual healer , " was seen as a " fringe figure " in sydney 's islamic community , according to a guardian profile . shia muslim leaders had asked police to probe his claims to be a leading cleric and last week , he announced on his website that he had converted to sunni islam and pledged allegiance to isis . the lawyer who represented monis in the murder case tells the australian broadcasting company that his client , who came to the country as a refugee in 1996 , may have thought he had " nothing to lose , " hence " participating in something as desperate and outrageous as this . " he says that while in prison , monis suffered some " very unpleasant events , involving matters of excrement over himself and his cell , " and he is certain that the siege was the act of a " one-off random individual , " not an organized terrorist group .
