iranian hackers who targeted american financial institutions two years ago were also apparently curious about a small dam in upstate new york—and officials are worried what this means for the security of us industrial infrastructure overall , the wall street journal reports . the hackers reportedly infiltrated the controls for the facility—ided by journal sources as the bowman avenue dam near rye—in 2013 through a cellular modem , per an unclassified homeland security document . and while the interlopers did n't wrest control of the dam , it appears they poked around quite a bit—underscoring how easy it is to break into the more than 57,000 systems for us power grids , pipelines , bridges , and dams , many of which are antiquated and virtually unprotected , the journal notes . in fact , per a separate ap investigation , " sophisticated foreign hackers " have accessed about a dozen power networks here , attacks that the ap says the us public is rarely informed about . us infrastructure is often run by creaky systems that were previously offline , which kept them relatively safe . but , " against the advice of hacking gurus , " as the journal notes , many companies started connecting their systems to the internet without adequately securing them . and the number of such hacks has been creeping up since . per homeland security data , over the 12 months ending sept. 30 , it took in and responded to 295 incidents , up from 245 the year before , per the journal . possible consequences : hackers causing a flood , explosion , or even bumper-to-bumper traffic , either by accident or intentionally . a homeland security official recently told energy execs at a conference that even isis " is beginning to perpetrate cyberattacks , " per the hill . in the bowman dam incident , the white house was informed because officials initially thought the hack was against oregon 's larger arthur r. bowman dam , per the journal . ( the ap investigation chillingly reveals how hot a target the us power grid has been . )
