on the heels of his mississippi and michigan wins , donald trump on tuesday held a 45-minute press conference from the trump national golf club in jupiter , fla. , and that was far from the only trump brand on display . the candidate was last week dinged by mitt romney over ventures like trump university , trump airlines , trump vodka , trump magazine , and trump steaks , reports nbc news . ( " a business genius he is not , " is how romney put it . ) and so trump did his best to counter that claim , trotting out his steaks ( " if you want to take one we 'll charge 50 bucks a steak , " he said ) , his magazine ( a copy was lobbed into the crowd , notes tpm ) , his water , and his wine ( from the " largest winery on the east coast " ) . as realclearpolitics national political reporter , caitlin huey-burns—and many others—put it , " this is like trump qvc . " but not all digs were aimed at trump . " i hope the trump speech lasts another 4 hours and i hope the cable networks will carry it all , because there is obviously no news judgment , " former npr political editor ken rudin tweeted , as spotted by politico . politico points out that cnn , fox , and msnbc carried the entirety of trump 's press conference even though hillary clinton and john kasich spoke during the 9pm et hour . and as far as mocking goes , trump did n't just take it , he dished it . at one point , nbc news reporter peter alexander asked the candidate about how parents should explain his language to their kids . trump 's reply , per gawker : " oh , you ’ re so politically correct . you ’ re so beautiful . oh , look at you . awwww . aw , he ’ s so . oh , i know . you ’ ve never heard a little bad , a little off , language . i know , you ’ re so perfect . aren ’ t you perfect . aren ’ t you just a perfect young man . give me a break . you know what ? it ’ s stuff like that that people in this country are tired of . it ’ s stuff like that . " so how are those no-longer-available trump steaks ? archived , and not too kind , reviews here .
