donald trump 's campaign chief may have closer—and more illegal—ties to pro-russia interests in ukraine than he has let on , according to a new york times report on secret ledgers that anti-corruption investigators have uncovered in kiev . investigators say the ledgers list $ 12.7 million in payments to paul manafort from the pro-russia party of regions between 2007 and 2012 , when he worked as a consultant for the party . it is n't clear whether manafort actually received the cash , which investigators say is linked to a network that also bribed election officials . manafort 's lawyer says his client never received the payments and any suspicions are " probably heavily politically tinged . " in other coverage : the hill reports that there does n't appear to be any love lost between manafort and former trump campaign manager corey lewandowski : lewandowski , who was fired after clashing with manafort , tweeted a link to the nyt ukraine story minutes after it first appeared . the ap reports that trump plans to deliver a major foreign policy speech in ohio monday that will focus on " realism , " with policies including destroying isis without engaging in " nation-building " —and on new ideological tests for people seeking to enter the us . politico reports that trump targeted the media in a series of tweets sunday , claiming that he would be beating hillary clinton by 20 % if the " disgusting " media covered him honestly . " i am not only fighting crooked hillary , i am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process , " he tweeted . " it is not 'freedom of the press ' when newspapers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if it is completely false ! " he added . the wall street journal editorial board warned sunday that trump 's " window for a turnaround " is closing and his gop supporters now face a " moment of truth " before he is written off as a lost cause . " the tragedy is that this is happening in a year when republicans should win , " they write .
