she gambled on an early election—and she lost , big time . theresa may and the conservative party have been dealt a huge blow in britain 's election , with the party losing its majority in parliament after early predictions that it would gain as many as 80 seats . full results have yet to arrive , but a hung parliament , in which no party has a majority , is now inevitable , reports the bbc . the conservatives still have the most seats but jeremy corbyn 's labour party was the night 's big winner , gaining more than 30 seats in parliament , while the pro-brexit united kingdom independence party saw its share of the vote collapse . in scotland , the scottish national party saw a fall in support , with former party leader alex salmond among those losing their seats . the latest : with corbyn—and plenty of angry conservatives—calling for her resignation , may signaled that she will stay on for now , reuters reports . " at this time , more than anything else this country needs a period of stability , " she said early friday after she was re-elected to her own seat in parliament . the inconclusive election was result was seen as a disaster by negotiators in brussels , where brexit talks are due to begin within days , the guardian reports . may , who was n't required to hold an election until 2020 , said her reason for calling one early was to secure a greater mandate for the talks . " could be messy for the united kingdom in the years ahead , " tweeted former swedish prime minister carl bildt . " one mess risks following another . price to be paid for lack of true leadership . " senior conservative officials tell the telegraph that may made " fundamental strategic errors " during the campaign . " this is bad , it 's worse than bad . her advisers should walk out of the door now never to return , regardless of the final result , " one senior official says . numerous senior conservative mps have lost their seats , including manifesto author ben gummer . the bbc looks at what is likely to happen now that a hung parliament has been confirmed . unless she chooses to resign , may is expected to remain as prime minister while she attempts to form a coalition government with smaller parties . itv looks at election night 's biggest losers , including nick clegg . the former liberal democrat , deputy prime minister in the coalition government until the 2015 election , lost his seat to labour challenger jared o'mara .
