new york magazine does n't beat around the bush : " unless the economy goes into a recession over the next year and a half , hillary clinton is probably going to win the presidential election . " but not everyone agrees . a sampling of what the pundits are saying : in new york , jonathan chait argues that " the united states has polarized into stable voting blocs , and the democratic bloc is a bit larger and growing at a faster rate . " that should put clinton in the white house , though it 's not guaranteed . " she can not promise her supporters a dramatic change or new possibilities , " chait notes . " her worry is that ennui sets in among the base and yields a small electorate more like the kind that shows up at the midterms , which is an electorate republicans can win . " but at salon , a former aide for bill clinton is concerned about his wife 's strategy so far . " republicans love to paint democrats as elitists . it ’ s how the first two bushes took out dukakis , gore , and kerry—and how jeb plans to take out hillary , " bill curry writes . and clinton is n't helping herself . " when she says she and bill were broke when they left the white house ; when she sets her own email rules and says it was only for her own convenience ; when she hangs out with the davos , wall street , or hollywood crowds , she makes herself a more inviting target . " meanwhile , statistician nate silver acknowledges that clinton is " very likely to become the democratic nominee . " as for the general election , he writes at fivethirtyeight , it could go either way . silver questions the so-called " emerging democratic majority " that plays a role in chait 's thinking . right now , clinton 's favorability ratings are " break-even , " and she 's " so well-known … that it ’ s almost as if voters are dispensing with all the formalities and evaluating her as they might when she ’ s on the ballot next november . about half of them would like to see her become president and about half of them wouldn ’ t . get ready for an extremely competitive election . " while the pundits debate , clinton is heading out on the trail in a van named " scooby . "
