more than 340 newspapers published editorials thursday decrying president trump 's repeated attacks on the media , and now trump has responded . " the boston globe , which was sold to the the failing new york times for 1.3 billion dollars ( plus 800 million dollars in losses & investment ) , or 2.1 billion dollars , was then sold by the times for 1 dollar . now the globe is in collusion with other papers on free press . prove it ! " trump tweeted thursday , adding , " there is nothing that i would want more for our country than true freedom of the press . the fact is that the press is free to write and say anything it wants , but much of what it says is fake news , pushing a political agenda or just plain trying to hurt people . honesty wins ! " earlier thursday , he had tweeted , " the fake news media is the opposition party . it is very bad for our great country ... .but we are winning ! " the new york times notes that trump 's first tweet contained a factual error ; the times company paid $ 1.1 billion for the boston globe and other properties decades ago , then sold them for $ 70 million in 2013 . but an editorial at investor 's business daily wednesday was on trump 's side , and even used the same charged c-word in its headline : " editorial collusion by dozens of newspapers proves trump 's point : the media are biased . " it calls the move by the newspapers ( cnn lists some of those that participated ) a " political stunt " that shows the papers are more interested in pushing a left-wing agenda than actually informing the public . and at politico , jack shafer says the plan " played right into trump 's hands " and will surely backfire , despite trump 's attacks on the press being truly " alarming " and deserving of a rebuttal . at nola.com tim morris echoes that , noting that the times-picayune editorial board did not participate because " we believe a local news organization 's voice should be independent . ... having 350 editorial voices saying the same thing on the same day just seems to prove trump 's point . "
