the hillary clinton-donald trump showdown on monday night was billed as the most anticipated in many years , and it did not disappoint , according to the hill , which describes the clash as one between " the more incisive and prepared clinton and trump , who leaned heavily on instinct and combativeness . " five other takes on the debate , which many analysts are calling a win for clinton : glenn thrush at politico calls it a clear loss for trump , who " became muted and pouty " toward the end . clinton " went right for trump 's ego , " and he " wilted and offered a series of meandering answers " when challenged on things like his wealth and his record of job creation , writes thrush , who believes trump " flat-out forgot to pursue " a line of attack on the clinton foundation . fivethirtyeight kept track of the number of interruptions , and trump comes out way ahead on that score : he had three full-fledged interruptions , where he seized the floor , compared to zero for clinton , and 24 " fleeting interjections " while his rival kept talking , compared to five for clinton . the biggest contrast may have been between styles , not policy positions , according to alexander burns at the new york times . " he shouted , interrupted , and sniffed . she kept a level tone and wielded prefab one-liners , " writes burns , who thinks clinton prevailed on issues of race , gender , and national security , while trump was strongest when portraying himself as a political outsider . paul farhi at the washington post takes a look at the moderation and finds that nbc news anchor lester holt played a " largely passive role , " declining to intervene as " trump interrupted clinton and made a series of questionable assertions , " though he did seem " to push harder on the republican businessman " than on clinton . farhi notes that holt 's questions did n't cover issues such as " supreme court nominations , social security , gun control , abortion , student loans , military affairs and health care , especially the affordable care act . " it was a debate that highlighted the stark choice voters face , and one where the " two contenders did , in fact , play to their strengths , " decides gerald f. seib at the wall street journal . " he to his ability to connect with voters on visceral terms , she on her ability to move smoothly from subject to subject with an air of authority . " trump , however , sometimes " seemed a bit too eager to interrupt and play the part of the bully , " he writes , while clinton " occasionally seemed on the verge of appearing smug . " ( click for 12 of the debate 's standout back-and-forths . )
