oprah winfrey—a bad neighbor ? that 's what one man who lives near her new property above telluride , colorado , seems to think . retired physicist charles d. goodman is suing winfrey , claiming the property blocks access to hiking trails that were previously open to locals . goodman says winfrey and the prior owners of the property made a secret deal with the town of mountain village to erase easements that have , for decades , allowed nearby residents to use the trails , before oprah bought the property in march . a rep for winfrey 's company says the company plans to allow " reasonable " access . winfrey joins these six other celebrities involved in somewhat odd lawsuits : taylor swift is being sued ... over a number . lucky 13 , a clothing line , does n't want swift using the phrase " lucky 13 " on her own official merchandise . it 's a bummer for swift , who has long held that 13 is her lucky number . " basically , whenever a 13 comes up in my life , it ’ s a good thing , " she once said . but not this time , apparently . katherine heigl is suing a drugstore for a whopping $ 6 million , and all over a tweet . the actress is n't happy that duane reade tweeted a picture of her carrying two shopping bags from the store along with the line , " even @ katieheigl can ’ t resist shopping # nyc 's favorite drugstore . " britney spears is being sued by a backup dancer who says that a " disheveled and confused " spears , who was having trouble mastering the choreography for a music video , suddenly started twirling " in an unbalanced and reckless manner " and ended up smacking the dancer and breaking her nose . nicki minaj is being sued by her former wig stylist , who claims the rapper stole his wig designs and is now selling them as her own . alanis morissette is suing her housekeeper ; the musician claims the woman stole her dog after becoming overly attached to it while alanis and her husband were traveling . last year , leann rimes sued her dentist , claiming he did such poor work that he caused " permanent cosmetic deficiency " and harmed her career . click for eight more weird lawsuits involving celebrities .
