despite the fact that anyone from the uk could have gone to tmz.com and seen the naked pictures of prince harry , the snaps were kept off british media websites and newspapers—until now . the sun went ahead and published the photos , even though the royal family 's lawyers specifically asked it not to . the paper likes harry and " is not making any moral judgment " about his behavior , it explains . it simply believes " sun readers have a right to see them . " why ? because the photos have sparked a debate about harry 's lifestyle , considering he officially represents britain , and thus any brits without internet access could not fully take part in that conversation . " there is a clear public interest in publishing the harry pictures , in order for the debate around them to be fully informed . " more on harry : the prince was pictured hugging an also-naked woman … because he 's so chivalrous . " he hugged her to cover her up . he went over to be the gentleman and said , ' i ’ ll shield you . i ’ ll protect you . i won ’ t let them see you , ' " says a witness , adding , " she seemed to like that very much . " we bet . not surprisingly , playgirl has now come a-knocking . the magazine wants harry to pose for a centerfold , and though the publisher acknowledges that there 's no way the prince would agree , he tells e ! , " i think a million dollars is not out of the question . " harry might need to learn a little something about people with cameras … and facebook . before his trip to vegas , the prince went to a private island for yet more partying , and pictures of the alcohol-fueled weekend were posted on the facebook page of one of harry 's friends . unfortunately , that facebook page was not private—leading the telegraph to publish the pictures , including one that appears to show harry passed out in the sand . and there may be more pictures coming . a pr guru tells the ap two women , who claim to have been inside harry 's hotel room , approached him to sell more pictures and video of the prince . though the pr guy did n't bite , he bets someone else will .
