as has been widely noted , mitch mcconnell had a truly awful tuesday . the senate majority leader had to surrender on obamacare repeal , ally bob corker announced he was retiring , and , perhaps worst of all , the senate candidate that mcconnell strongly backed in alabama got trounced by one backed by the steve bannon contingent . just how bad is it for mcconnell ? here 's a look at coverage : mocked by trump : the president has taken to doing physical impressions of a slump-shouldered mcconnell , reports axios . trump also reportedly called out mcconnell as " weak " at a dinner with conservative activists , reports politico . on the wane : mcconnell has gone from " brilliant tactician " to looking vulnerable after the defeats this week , reports the new york times . if the gop fails to get tax reform passed this year , his post as majority leader could be in jeopardy—especially with populist insurgents backed by bannon looking to win more seats . no immediate danger : both politico and the times say mcconnell retains rock-solid support in the republican conference and thus is not in any immediate peril . much of that support is based on his formidable fundraising skills on behalf of senate republicans . beware the midterms : in a piece subtitled , " is the senate leader losing his grip on the gop ? , " abigail tracy at vanity fair notes that midterm elections in general are often unkind to the party in power : " with the gop in the midst of an ideological schism , mcconnell ’ s faction could be headed for a reckoning . " indeed , tuesday 's triple whammy " just shows how weak the republican establishment is right now , " writes harry enten at fivethirtyeight . boehner 's fate ? mcconnell is willing to take all the criticism coming from conservatives over the obamacare fail , especially if it protects rank-and-file republicans , per an analysis at the washington post . " but one thing that could hamper mcconnell ’ s long-term standing would be if he became a real albatross to his own incumbents in primary elections ahead , " writes paul kane . fear of that played a role in john boehner 's resignation as house speaker two years ago . false narrative : many in the media are portraying the alabama results as a loss for trump , but winner roy moore is decidedly trumpian , writes erick erickson at the resurgent . no , this was all about mcconnell—in fact , moore made running against him " the theme of his campaign . "
