with a 97 % rating on rotten tomatoes , it 's safe to say that baby driver was worth the many years director edgar wright put into crafting it . the film focuses on the best getaway driver in atlanta , who goes by baby , and happens to want to leave his life of crime behind . the problem is that the crime bosses he runs with are n't keen to let that happen . some reviews : it is n't just a " brilliant , pulse-quickening gem , " but " one of the most entertaining thrill rides of this year , this decade . this century , " writes richard roeper at the chicago sun-times . it features " perfectly timed " action sequences , " one of the most creative and exhilarating car chases you 'll ever see , " and " spectacular " acting from jamie foxx , kevin spacey , and ansel elgort . plus it 's " crackling with originality , " he raves . moira macdonald agrees it 's a " zippy thrill ride of a movie " and " just what you want a summer movie to be . " the highlight is " the way the film marries sight and sound , " she writes at the seattle times . it 's " uncannily choreographed , with gestures and movements timed precisely to the soundtrack 's beat " and " dances " in front of your eyes . wright " turns every one of his protagonist 's actions into a signifier of mood , thought and character , " writes justin chang at the los angeles times , referring to one scene in which elgort displays " the woozy grace of an under-caffeinated gene kelly . " eventually there 's a " dark turn " that puts a damper on the fun , but it does n't take away from the fact that " this is movie craftsmanship and showmanship of a very high order , " he says . " baby driver has it all : thrills , laughs , sex , nonstop action , a killer soundtrack , ” and the list goes on , " writes peter travers at rolling stone . he was especially impressed with the performances . jon hamm delivers one " of bracing , nutty perversity , " while elgort gives a " star-making " turn in a " challenging beast of a role . " still , it 's wright who " tops himself with this start-to-finish sensation , " he writes .
