washington post columnist richard cohen is raising a lot of eyebrows today with his latest column , which is about iowa 's conservative republicans and includes , well , this : " people with conventional views must repress a gag reflex when considering the mayor-elect of new york—a white man married to a black woman and with two biracial children . ( should i mention that bill de blasio ’ s wife , chirlane mccray , used to be a lesbian ? ) this family represents the cultural changes that have enveloped parts—but not all—of america . to cultural conservatives , this doesn ’ t look like their country at all . " " cohen hilariously poses as a 'liberal ' columnist at the washington post , despite being ... how can we put this gently ... a power-worshiping bigot , " writes hamilton nolan at gawker . at salon , alex pareene takes issue with cohen 's use of the word conventional : " what kind of mind , and person , just automatically thinks of 'conventional ' 'people ' as reactionary , racist whites ? neutral , normal people , for cohen , are always reactionary whites , " and cohen himself is " terrified of black people . " two other writers—matthew yglesias at slate and ezra klein at cohen 's own paper—point out recent gallup polls finding that the conventional view , actually , is very much in favor of interracial marriage . nolan and yglesias both seem to think cohen should be fired , and twitter definitely wants to see him get the boot . " obviously eliminating cohen-related expenditures would not , on its own , bring the [ struggling ] post to solvency , " yglesias writes . " but every little bit helps . " indeed , cohen has a history of sparking outrage with his columns . see : the time he finally realized slavery was actually pretty awful , and wonkette responded gloriously . the time he sympathized with george zimmerman and noted that trayvon martin did , after all , appear to be " wearing a uniform we all recognize . " the time he linked miley cyrus ' twerking to the steubenville rape case .
