the tampa socialite at the heart of the petraeus " love pentagon " sex scandal was the co-founder of a cancer charity that does not appear to have been involved in any charity work , the huffington post finds . jill kelley and her surgeon husband founded the doctor kelley cancer foundation in 2007 , stating that it " shall be operated exclusively to conduct cancer research and to grant wishes to terminally ill adult cancer patients . " but records reveal that the charity went bust later that year , having spent every penny of the $ 157,284 it started with on expenses like parties , entertainment , and travel . the charity also listed $ 12,807 for office expenses and supplies , and $ 7,854 on utilities and telephones , which is a little on the steep side for a charity that operated out of the couple 's mansion , the huffpo notes . but the charity is n't all that 's surfaced on kelley : the mansion where kelley and her husband threw lavish parties for military top brass has been in foreclosure since 2010 , reports the new york daily news . the couple owes vast sums to banks and credit card companies and has been hit by at least nine lawsuits . kelley is n't just an unpaid social liaison to nearby macdill air force base , she 's an honorary consul of south korea , an embassy official tells foreign policy . " she assumed this position last august thanks to her good connections and network , " the korean official says , adding that the position is symbolic and has no official responsibilities . kelley tried to invoke " diplomatic protection " in one of several 911 calls made over the last few days , fox reports . complaining about trespassers on her property , kelley told the dispatcher , " i 'm an honorary consul general ... i do n't know if you want to get diplomatic protection involved as well , because that 's against the law to cross my property because , you know , it 's inviolable . " the wall street journal adds that over the summer , kelley became worried about personal information getting aired and tried to get the fbi to drop its investigation into threatening emails paula broadwell sent her . broadwell , it notes , also sent anonymous emails to military brass bashing kelley .
