one night after sitting down for his first one-on-one interview as president with abc news , donald trump granted sean hannity the same privilege at the white house thursday evening , and he offered as many ear-perking nuggets as he had the day before . still on his radar , per deadline : the " very hostile " media , which he went on to describe as also being " very angry " and " very dishonest . " " i get stories that are so false , " he told hannity , specifically calling out an erroneous report by time magazine writer zeke miller that trump had removed a martin luther king jr. bust from the oval office ( miller later tweeted a correction for his mistake ) . " it 's fake news . … they make things up , " he added , per fox news . other snippets from the interview : he let fly his feelings about madonna , who made headlines at the women 's march saturday for saying she 'd thought " an awful lot about blowing up the white house . " " honestly , she 's disgusting , " trump told hannity , adding that what she said was " disgraceful , " per the telegraph . " i think she hurt herself very badly . i think she hurt that whole cause . " " disgrace " is also a word he used to describe a recent tweet about his son , barron , by now-suspended snl writer katie rich . " i do n't mind some humor , but it 's terrible , " trump said . " for nbc to attack my 10-year-old son … it 's a disgrace . he 's a great boy . and it ’ s not an easy thing for him . believe me . " he had thoughts on president obama as well , who rode with him in a limo on inauguration day . " what amazed me is that i was vicious to him in statements , he was vicious to me in statements , and here we are getting along … riding up pennsylvania avenue , " he said , adding , " i like him , he likes me … you 're going to have to ask him , but i think he likes me . " moving on to official presidential business , he labeled obamacare a " horror show " and a " disaster , " said he had a supreme court justice nominee " pretty much in my mind , " and noted that even though secretary of defense mattis does n't advocate waterboarding , he himself " absolutely " believes it is effective , per fox . on his long-talked-about wall , trump said it was " necessary . " " people want protection and a wall protects , " he said . " all you 've got to do is ask israel . " ( one possible way to pay for the wall : a 20 % tax on mexican imports . )
