the son of former heavyweight champion apollo creed turns up in philadelphia to be trained by his dead father 's once-opponent rocky balboa in creed—a movie cheered by critics , who give it a 94 % rating on rotten tomatoes . here 's what they 're saying : " you 'd expect a boxing movie to deliver the body blows , but what 's surprising are the various tender caresses the movie delivers , " writes joe dziemianowicz at the new york daily news . creed not only " packs a mighty punch , " but it 's " an exciting , amusing , and well-acted crowd-pleaser , " he says . sylvester stallone will " knock your socks off , " he adds . sure , the david-versus-goliath angle is " corny , but it still works . " " despite getting laid out in excruciatingly graphic detail , the kid somehow comes roaring back , not so much struggling to his feet as leaping . which is exactly what this energetic , hugely entertaining film does for the four-decades-old franchise , " writes tom russo at the boston globe . michael b. jordan and stallone are each great on their own and " develop a terrific , relaxed chemistry , " he says . the movie also " works on two levels , tending equally to nostalgists and a younger crowd . " " this is the best rocky film since the original " and " one of the year 's warmest and most crowd-pleasing surprises , " praises lou lumenick at the new york post . a training montage shows writer-director ryan coogler " not only respects but totally gets what made the original underdog classic win the best picture oscar in 1977 . " it 's this that helps him deliver " a knockout punch . " stallone , meanwhile , delivers " one of his most careful and nuanced performances in years . " " creed follows the themes and gambits of classic fight films but this is no paint-by-numbers imitation , " writes colin covert at the minneapolis star tribune . " this excellent sequel introduces new characters to the series while paying homage to the enduring appeal of its predecessors , " he says . " it unabashedly manipulates audiences ... on its way to a wholesome , uplifting finale . it is cornball as all get out , formulaic , and wonderfully , amazingly delicious . "
