" we are in a war with terror , and these savage minority groups will not frighten us , " tunisia 's president beji caid essebsi vowed in the wake of a terrorist attack that has now killed 18 foreign tourists and three tunisians , plus the two gunmen . " the fight against them will continue until they are exterminated , " he said in a speech last night , per the guardian . he promised that " democracy will win and it will survive " as large numbers of demonstrators gathered in tunis to protest the attack , reports reuters . meanwhile , isis militants today claimed responsibility for the attack , reports the bbc . but in a bright spot , two spanish tourists who hid in the museum all night have now been found safe ; juan carlos sanchez tells the ap that " we thought the terrorists were still outside . but it was simply the police who were searching for people . " cristina rubio is four months pregnant ; both are fine . in other developments : prime minister habib essi says one of the two gunmen , yassine laabidi , was known to authorities , but security services were unaware of links to militant groups , the bbc reports . both gunmen were killed by security forces , and authorities say they 're still hunting several accomplices . tunisia has now detained a total of nine people . officials say tourists from japan , italy , colombia , australia , france , poland , and spain were killed in the attack , according to the bbc . poland , which has sent a plane with doctors to help treat the injured , says two of its citizens were killed , two are missing , and nine are among the 40 or so wounded , the ap reports . tunisia , birthplace of the arab spring , is the " arab world 's most successful democracy , " which may have made it more of a target , but there are fears the attack could lead to greater authoritarianism , reports the new york times . isis supporters are praising the attack online , as per the times . the telegraph reports that tunisian media are speculating that ahmed al-rouissi , the country 's most-wanted terrorist , may be involved . the tunisian government says he became a senior isis leader in libya and was killed in fighting last weekend . tunisian officials have speculated that the adjacent parliament building may have been the attackers ' initial target , and that they may have switched to the museum because it had less security , the new york times reports .
