in the days before his death , robin williams " would often sleep a majority of the day and night , " a source tells radar . he was so depressed , " he was n't eating and was just having problems getting out of bed , " the source continues . " he would often complain that he was just so tired , even after sleeping 20 hours . " friends who will actually allow their names to be used tell the los angeles times similar , though not as dramatic , stories . " he started to disconnect , " fellow comedian and longtime friend rick overton says . " he was n't returning calls as much . he would send texts and things like that , but they would get shorter and shorter . " he was last photographed in public on saturday night , with his wife at an art gallery reception near his home , tmz reports , noting that he looked " frail " but seemed happy and was not drinking . he was found dead monday morning . " you could just tell something was off , " says steven pearl , another comedian and longtime friend , about the last time he saw williams last month . " he seemed detached . it 's hard to explain . he did n't seem like his usual self . my fiancee and i were like , 'is he ok ? ' i did n't know it would get this dark . " he also took a hit with the cancellation of his tv show , the crazy ones , after just one season , overton says . and since williams had spoken last year about needing to take on that gig in the first place thanks to all the money coughed up in his two divorces , some speculated financial problems contributed to his suicide , leading his publicist to explain to the wrap that the actor " had no financial problems . ... robin often said things in jest , and sometimes it just does n't translate in print . " he took the job " because of ( show creator ) david kelley and the material ... not because he needed the money , " she says . the current speculation , etonline notes , is whether williams and his wife frequently slept in separate rooms , as they did on the last night of williams ' life .
