the state of louisiana 's refusal to install air conditioning on death row has already cost taxpayers at least $ 1,067,000 in expenses fighting a lawsuit filed on behalf of three inmates with medical problems , according to records obtained by the ap . meanwhile the state could spend roughly the same money—and possibly much less—on an ac system that would satisfy a federal judge 's order to protect death row inmates from dangerous heat and humidity inside louisiana state penitentiary at angola . this tally , based on state documents provided in response to the ap 's public records requests , is the first public accounting of how much the case has cost taxpayers . most of the money has gone to private attorneys on opposing sides of the case , which us district judge brian jackson says could ultimately cost many more millions of dollars , and expert witnesses and state contractors also have received tens of thousands of dollars . more than two years have passed since jackson ruled louisiana imposes unconstitutionally cruel and unusual punishment once the heat index exceeds 88 degrees . the index routinely crosses that threshold on death row , occasionally exceeding 100 degrees ; plaintiff james magee said it 's like a " sauna " in the morning and an " oven " in the afternoon . a plaintiffs ' expert estimated it would cost about $ 225,000—sans engineering fees or operating costs—to install ac on death row 's six tiers . a state engineer in 2014 said nine ac units could cool all eight tiers in the 10-year-old building that holds death row , with a state attorney saying each unit would cost " several thousand dollars . " state attorneys argue installing ac would spawn more suits from prisoners nationwide demanding cooler cells . jackson is set to hear testimony wednesday on whether the state 's current heat remediation measures—one cold shower a day , ice chests in the cells , and fans outside—are adequately protecting the plaintiffs as louisiana 's sweltering summer approaches .
