the financial secrets of many of the world 's elites are trickling out thanks to the release of what are being called the paradise papers . the massive leak of internal documents from bermuda-based law firm appleby is spurring headlines like this one : " lewis hamilton avoided taxes on £17m jet using isle of man scheme . " it has also led bernie sanders to warn of a " rapid movement toward international oligarchy . " in a statement to the guardian , he says the papers show " how these billionaires and multinational corporations get richer by hiding their wealth and profits and avoid paying their fair share of taxes . " two apparent examples , as revealed by some of the 13.4 million records being examined : apple : the tech giant has employed a maneuver called the " double irish " that allows the company to route its non-americas revenue in a way that incurs very little tax . the eu in 2013 decided to probe this arrangement , and ireland cracked down : it announced that firms incorporated there would n't be allowed to be stateless for tax purposes , as apple 's irish subsidiaries were . the paradise papers leak reveals apple found its state . communications between applelby and apple show apple asking about the benefits that might come from various options ( think bermuda , the cayman islands , the isle of man ) . it ended up going with jersey , an island between england and france , reports the bbc , where foreign companies are taxed at a 0 % rate . nike : the guardian reports the paradise papers spell out exactly how nike has been able to reduce its tax burden , and says the netherlands is key . from 2005 to 2014 , the revenue from sales throughout europe went there , and much of it then traveled to bermuda via its bermudan subsidiary , nike international ltd. that subsidiary was pretty much a shell : no office , no staff , but it possessed nike 's intellectual property rights , which let it impose big royalty fees of nike 's european headquarters , which created the funnel that legally allowed profits to move to the bermuda subsidiary . then things got even weirder with the creation of the subsidiary nike innovate cv which is based ... nowhere . the guardian explains .
