deo to watch the video , press the play button in the bottom-left corner of the image . newline_char we passed occasional “ death to america ” signs , but our trip was slowed by hospitality , for iranians kept giving us presents or inviting us into their homes . newline_char to watch the video , press the play button in the bottom-left corner of the image . newline_char mashhad , iran my 1,700-mile road trip across iran began with a giddy paean to america , reinforcing my view that at the grass-roots level , this may be the most pro-american nation in the middle east . newline_char mashhad , iran my 1,700-mile road trip across iran began with a giddy paean to america , reinforcing my view that at the grass-roots level , this may be the most pro-american nation in the middle east . newline_char “ i can ’ t blame america , ” he said . newline_char “ i can ’ t blame america , ” he said . newline_char i encountered many iranians — especially in the countryside — who strongly support the iranian authorities and resent what they see as american government bullying . newline_char i encountered many iranians — especially in the countryside — who strongly support the iranian authorities and resent what they see as american government bullying . newline_char but while iranians are far from monolithic , one feature was ubiquitous : the warmth of iranians when they discovered i was american . newline_char but while iranians are far from monolithic , one feature was ubiquitous : the warmth of iranians when they discovered i was american . newline_char we passed occasional “ death to america ” signs , but our trip was slowed by story_separator_special_tag kristof gives a first look at his road trip through iran , as he talks to ordinary iranians about their lives , their government and the united states . newline_char to watch the video , press the play button in the bottom-left corner of the image . newline_char mashhad , iran my 1,700-mile road trip across iran began with a giddy paean to america , reinforcing my view that at the grass-roots level , this may be the most pro-american nation in the middle east . newline_char mashhad , iran my 1,700-mile road trip across iran began with a giddy paean to america , reinforcing my view that at the grass-roots level , this may be the most pro-american nation in the middle east . newline_char “ i can ’ t blame america , ” he said . newline_char “ i can ’ t blame america , ” he said . newline_char i encountered many iranians — especially in the countryside — who strongly support the iranian authorities and resent what they see as american government bullying . newline_char i encountered many iranians — especially in the countryside — who strongly support the iranian authorities and resent what they see as american government bullying . newline_char but while iranians are far from monolithic , one feature was ubiquitous : the warmth of iranians when they discovered i was american . newline_char but while iranians are far from monolithic , one feature was ubiquitous : the warmth of iranians when they discovered i was american . newline_char we passed occasional “ death to america ” signs , but our trip was slowed by
