rack obama came to washington just six years ago , having spent his professional life as a part-time lawyer , part-time law professor , and part-time state legislator in illinois . newline_char at occidental , he demonstrated in favor of divesting from apartheid south africa . newline_char at columbia , he wrote a forgettable essay in sundial , a campus publication , in favor of the nuclear-freeze movement . story_separator_special_tag anonymous obama adviser speaking on background to ryan lizza . newline_char thank you for so boldly and visibly injecting into our politics the phrase “ leading from behind. newline_char thanks for confirming that our current president believes his task is to accommodate american decline . newline_char and thanks for explaining that our leader from behind sees his role as “ shepherding us through this phase ” of appeasement and decline . newline_char nonetheless , obama may be moving toward something resembling a doctrine . newline_char obama may be moving toward something resembling a doctrine . newline_char one of his advisers described the president ’ s actions in libya as “ leading from behind. newline_char one of his advisers described the president ’ s actions in libya as “ leading from behind. story_separator_special_tag obama may be moving toward something resembling a doctrine . newline_char one of his advisers described the president ’ s actions in libya as “ leading from behind. newline_char one of his advisers described the president ’ s actions in libya as “ leading from behind. newline_char ” — ryan lizza , the new yorker , may 2 issue to be precise , leading from behind is a style , not a doctrine . newline_char doctrines involve ideas , but since there are no discernible ones that make sense of obama foreign policy — lizza ’ s painstaking two-year chronicle shows it to be as ad hoc , erratic and confused as it appears — this will have to do . newline_char and it surely is an accurate description , from president obama ’ s shocking passivity during iran ’ s 2009 green revolution to his dithering on libya , acting at the very last moment , then handing off to a bickering coalition , yielding the current bloody stalemate .
