oto officials in two departments of china ’ s general administration of customs in beijing declined to comment on thursday evening about the status of rare earth exports . newline_char photo officials in two departments of china ’ s general administration of customs in beijing declined to comment on thursday evening about the status of rare earth exports . newline_char that is largely because rare earth mining and processing can be so environmentally risky , creating toxic and even radioactive wastes , that other countries have tended to avoid or abandon production . newline_char that is largely because rare earth mining and processing can be so environmentally risky , creating toxic and even radioactive wastes , that other countries have tended to avoid or abandon production . newline_char the chinese shipments resumed thursday morning only hours before secretary of state hillary rodham clinton raised the embargo issue at a news conference in honolulu , where she announced plans to visit china on saturday to pursue the matter with chinese officials . newline_char the chinese shipments resumed thursday morning only hours before secretary of state hillary rodham clinton raised the embargo issue at a news conference in honolulu , where she announced plans to visit china on saturday to pursue the matter with chinese officials . newline_char clinton spoke after meeting with japan ’ s foreign minister , seiji maehara , and said that the suspension of shipments had been a “ wake-up call ” and that both countries would have to find alternative sources of rare earth materials . newline_char clinton spoke after meeting with japan ’ s foreign minister , seiji maehara , and said that the suspension of shipments had been a “ wake-up call ” and that both countries would have to find alternative sources of rare earth materials . story_separator_special_tag photo officials in two departments of china ’ s general administration of customs in beijing declined to comment on thursday evening about the status of rare earth exports . newline_char photo officials in two departments of china ’ s general administration of customs in beijing declined to comment on thursday evening about the status of rare earth exports . newline_char that is largely because rare earth mining and processing can be so environmentally risky , creating toxic and even radioactive wastes , that other countries have tended to avoid or abandon production . newline_char that is largely because rare earth mining and processing can be so environmentally risky , creating toxic and even radioactive wastes , that other countries have tended to avoid or abandon production . newline_char the chinese shipments resumed thursday morning only hours before secretary of state hillary rodham clinton raised the embargo issue at a news conference in honolulu , where she announced plans to visit china on saturday to pursue the matter with chinese officials . newline_char the chinese shipments resumed thursday morning only hours before secretary of state hillary rodham clinton raised the embargo issue at a news conference in honolulu , where she announced plans to visit china on saturday to pursue the matter with chinese officials . newline_char clinton spoke after meeting with japan ’ s foreign minister , seiji maehara , and said that the suspension of shipments had been a “ wake-up call ” and that both countries would have to find alternative sources of rare earth materials . newline_char clinton spoke after meeting with japan ’ s foreign minister , seiji maehara , and said that the suspension of shipments had been a “ wake-up call ” and that both countries would have to find alternative sources of rare earth materials .
