veil new korean sanctions the u.s. and china introduced a new round of sanctions against north korea at the united nations that the u.s. said would significantly impede the development of pyongyang 's nuclear and missile programs , in response to its test last month of an atomic bomb . story_separator_special_tag ibm 's sequoia has taken the top spot on the list of the world 's fastest supercomputers for the us . newline_char sequoia will be used to carry out simulations to help extend the life of aging nuclear weapons , avoiding the need for real-world underground tests . newline_char " while sequoia may be the fastest , the underlying computing capabilities it provides give us increased confidence in the nation 's nuclear deterrent , " said national nuclear security administration ( nnsa ) administrator thomas d'agostino . story_separator_special_tag show full pr text nnsa 's sequoia supercomputer ranked as world 's fastest supercomputer at lawrence livermore national lab passes 16 petaflops washington , d.c. newline_char – the national nuclear security administration ( nnsa ) today announced that a supercomputer called sequoia at lawrence livermore national laboratory ( llnl ) was ranked the world 's most powerful computing system . newline_char clocking in at 16.32 sustained petaflops ( quadrillion floating point operations per second ) , sequoia earned the number one ranking on the industry standard top500 list of the world 's fastest supercomputers released monday , june 18 , at the international supercomputing conference ( isc12 ) in hamburg , germany . newline_char sequoia is dedicated to nnsa 's advanced simulation and computing ( asc ) program for stewardship of the nation 's nuclear weapons stockpile , a joint effort from llnl , los alamos national laboratory and sandia national laboratories . newline_char " computing platforms like sequoia help the united states keep its nuclear stockpile safe , secure , and effective without the need for underground testing , " said nnsa administrator thomas d'agostino .
