u.s. official says two more americans were killed in the hostage standoff at a natural gas complex in algeria , taking the final death toll of u.s. citizens to three . story_separator_special_tag algiers algeria 's prime minister accused a canadian of coordinating last week 's raid on a desert gas plant and , praising the storming of the complex where 38 mostly foreign hostages were killed , he pledged to resist the rise of islamists in the sahara . newline_char algeria will never succumb to terrorism or allow al qaeda to establish " sahelistan " , an afghan-style power base in arid northwest africa , abdelmalek sellal told a news conference in algiers where he also said at least 37 foreign hostages died . newline_char claimed by an algerian al qaeda leader as a riposte to france 's attack on his allies in neighboring mali the previous week , the four-day siege drew global attention to islamists in the sahara and sahel regions and brought promises of support to african governments from western powers whose toppling of libya 's muammar gaddafi helped flood the region with weapons . story_separator_special_tag advertisement continue reading the main story the algerians — and some western supporters — argue that the loss of innocent lives is unavoidable when confronting fanatics who will kill their captives anyway , while others say modern technology provides some means of minimizing the deaths . newline_char at a news conference in algiers , the prime minister , abdelmalek sellal , portrayed the military ’ s deadly assaults on the islamist militants who had stormed and occupied an internationally run gas-producing complex last wednesday in remote eastern algeria as a matter of national character and pride . newline_char sellal said , calling the abductions an attack “ on the stability of algeria. newline_char ” advertisement continue reading the main story “ algerians are not people who sell themselves out , ” he said . newline_char ” advertisement continue reading the main story
