ile it ’ s easy to identify the largest and most affluent metropolises in the united states , it ’ s far more difficult to pinpoint the priciest suburb closest to each major city . newline_char a certified gold scenic city , it contains the vaquero club ( one of the most exclusive private clubs in the nation ) and the prestigious  newline_char so real estate firm engel & völkers examined the fringes of the country ’ s 10 most populated urban spreads to determine just that . newline_char so real estate firm engel & völkers examined the fringes of the country ’ s 10 most populated urban spreads to determine just that . newline_char here ’ s a rundown of the well-to-do towns that made the list , ordered from least to greatest in terms of the corresponding major city ’ s population . newline_char here ’ s a rundown of the well-to-do towns that made the list , ordered from least to greatest in terms of the corresponding major city ’ s population . newline_char ) population ( as of 2013 ) : 8,334 median home sales price : $ 3.45 million most expensive home for sale : a five-bedroom , 12-bath home now priced at $ 88 million westlake , tx nestled on the outskirts of dallas , westlake is one of texas ’ most enviable communities . newline_char a certified gold scenic city , it contains the vaquero club ( one of the most exclusive story_separator_special_tag while it ’ s easy to identify the largest and most affluent metropolises in the united states , it ’ s far more difficult to pinpoint the priciest suburb closest to each major city . newline_char 5 reasons to shop for a home in december while it ’ s easy to identify the largest and most affluent metropolises in the united states , it ’ s far more difficult to pinpoint the priciest suburb closest to each major city . newline_char so real estate firm engel & völkers examined the fringes of the country ’ s 10 most populated urban spreads to determine just that . newline_char so real estate firm engel & völkers examined the fringes of the country ’ s 10 most populated urban spreads to determine just that . newline_char here ’ s a rundown of the well-to-do towns that made the list , ordered from least to greatest in terms of the corresponding major city ’ s population . newline_char here ’ s a rundown of the well-to-do towns that made the list , ordered from least to greatest in terms of the corresponding major city ’ s population . newline_char ) population ( as of 2013 ) : 8,334 median home sales price : $ 3.45 million most expensive home for sale : a five-bedroom , 12-bath home now priced at $ 88 million westlake , tx nestled on the outskirts of dallas , westlake is one of texas ’ most enviable communities . newline_char a certified gold scenic city , it contains the vaquero club ( one of the most exclusive
