use minority leader nancy pelosi of calif. newline_char , left , accompanied by senate minority leader harry reid of nev. newline_char . ( associated press ) washington ( ap ) — seeking to avert a government shutdown , republican leaders drove a bill blocking planned parenthood 's federal funds through the house on friday , hoping to contain conservatives ' demands for a politically risky showdown with president barack obama by striking a quick blow against abortion . story_separator_special_tag the same republicans who campaigned on doing away with legislative crises are careening toward government shutdown in less than two weeks with still no concrete plan to stop it . story_separator_special_tag house minority leader nancy pelosi of calif. newline_char washington ( ap ) — republicans pushed bills targeting planned parenthood and curbing some abortion procedures toward house passage friday , with party leaders hoping the legislation will help mollify fractious conservatives demanding a face-off with president barack obama that could trigger a federal shutdown . newline_char ( associated press ) house minority leader nancy pelosi of calif. story_separator_special_tag president obama and democratic leaders in congress want to pass a clean , stopgap bill to avert a government shutdown and allow negotiators more time to reach a long-term budget deal . newline_char ) made the announcement after meeting at the white house with obama and house minority leader nancy pelosi ( d-calif. story_separator_special_tag the u.s. house of representatives voted friday , sept.18 to defund planned parenthood for a one-year period . newline_char the vote was 241-187 , with nearly all republicans and two democrats supporting the legislation . newline_char the house passed two abortion-related bills friday , including one that would strip federal health-care funding from planned parenthood for one year , but it remains unclear whether the votes would appease conservatives who have threatened a government shutdown over the organization .
