movie theater , law enforcement officials familiar with the investigation say the gunman must have had a substantial amount of target practice before the shootings . newline_char police said they recovered a second glock from the suspect 's car . newline_char among other things , the law enforcement officials said , authorities are searching the suspect 's apartment for evidence of a gun range receipt , a  story_separator_special_tag his résumé after he graduated with honors in neuroscience from the university of california-riverside in 2010 cites experience in the lab dissecting birds , studying their musculature and analyzing data and graphs to measure molecules . newline_char in the video , holmes refers to " an illusion that allows you to change the past . newline_char " he was one of six students admitted to the university of colorado 's graduate program in neuroscience last year . newline_char but neuroscientist david eagleman says holmes ' credentials were no better than those of an average student . newline_char the mass killing suspect is no elite neuroscientist , says eagleman  story_separator_special_tag university of colorado officials disclosed monday that mass shooting suspect james holmes was being paid $ 26,000 a year for his studies , money that could have financed the cache of firearms , ammunition and explosive devices found in his apartment . newline_char holmes , 24 , unexpectedly dropped out of an elite neuroscience graduate program june 10 after failing part of his first-year final exam . newline_char school officials say they were stunned to learn of his arrest friday after a shooting rampage at a packed movie house a few miles from campus that left 12 dead and 58 wounded . newline_char police found holmes ' apartment near campus filled with booby-trapped explosive devices . newline_char at an initial court appearance monday morning , holmes had orange hair and a dazed demeanor , a contrast to the doctoral candidate who arrived at the university with stellar academic credentials and references .
