ousands of demonstrators have massed outside the embassy and several were seen climbing the outer wall of the embassy grounds and raising a flag on which was written the muslim profession of faith , an associated press reporter on the scene says . story_separator_special_tag the uproar over a 14-minute anti-islam youtube video has sparked furious protests from somalia to egypt to sudan to tunisia to libya to bangladesh to indonesia to pakistan . newline_char with new reports of protests surfacing every minute , we 've compiled the latest reported incidents into this handy interactive google map . newline_char view muslim protests in a larger map did we miss any ? newline_char want to add to this story ? newline_char you can share ideas for stories on the open wire . story_separator_special_tag angry demonstrations against an anti-islam film spread to their widest extent yet around the middle east and other muslim countries friday . newline_char protesters smashed into the german embassy in the sudanese capital and set part of it on fire and climbed the walls of the u.s. embassy in tunis , waving an islamist banner . newline_char israeli police detain a palestinian demonstrator during a protest in jerusalem , friday , sept. newline_char . ( associated press ) demonstrators rally during a protest in jerusalem , friday , sept. newline_char ( ap photo/bernat armangue ) ( associated press ) lebanese protesters attack american fast food restaurants after friday prayers , pouring petrol on the restaurants and setting them on fire in the northeastern city of tripoli , lebanon , friday sept. newline_char ( associated press ) iraqis chant slogans during a protest in basra , 340 miles ( 547 kilometers ) southeast of baghdad , iraq , friday , sept. newline_char ( associated press ) iraqis chant slogans during a protest in baghdad , iraq , friday , sept. newline_char hundreds of iraqis demonstrated in baghdad 's northern sunni neighborhood of azamiyah to protest the anti-muslim
