rasher magazine co-founder id ’ d as suicide in front of mission police station eric swenson , craig stecyk and fausto vitello , at the independent foundry in san francisco in 1983 . newline_char ( photo by mofo/www.thrashermagazine.com ) eric swenson , craig stecyk and fausto vitello , at the independent foundry in san francisco in 1983 . newline_char ( photo by mofo/www.thrashermagazine.com ) the man who ended his life in front of the mission police station on monday was a skateboarding icon and co-founder of san francisco-based thrasher magazine . newline_char swenson shot himself around 8:30 a.m. without going inside the police station or talking to any officers . newline_char a " very private person , " swenson may have chosen the police station to end his life in order to spare his loved ones from finding him , said gwynn vitello , thrasher 's publisher and wife of swenson 's business partner , the late fausto vitello . story_separator_special_tag eric swenson , skateboard business icon , dies eric swenson , co-founder of the skateboard magazine thrasher , committed suicide june 20 , 2011 . newline_char eric swenson , co-founder of the skateboard magazine thrasher , committed suicide june 20 , 2011 . newline_char photo : courtesy thrasher magazine photo : courtesy thrasher magazine image 1 of / 1 caption close eric swenson , skateboard business icon , dies 1 / 1 back to gallery san francisco -- eric swenson , an icon in the skateboarding culture and a co-founder of thrasher magazine , died monday in san francisco . newline_char swenson co-founded ermico enterprises , a san francisco foundry that became closely associated with independent trucks , a manufacturer of skateboard equipment and accessories . newline_char swenson and his friends , fausto vitello and kevin thatcher , co-founded trendsetting thrasher magazine . newline_char the articles and photos in thrasher focused on this new generation of skateboarders and pushed the success of independent trucks by advertising its products .
