tt 'megatoad ' stonie , one of major league eating 's top two eaters in the world , just set the bacon-eating record by housing 182 slices in five minutes . newline_char matt 'megatoad ' stonie , one of major league eating 's top two eaters in the world , just set the bacon-eating record by housing 182 slices in five minutes . newline_char that 's a lot of pig ; stonie estimates that he ate more than six pounds of cooked bacon , which sports more than 28,000 milligrams of sodium , according to smithfield , which sponsored the event in daytona , florida . newline_char that 's a lot of pig ; stonie estimates that he ate more than six pounds of cooked bacon , which sports more than 28,000 milligrams of sodium , according to smithfield , which sponsored the event in daytona , florida . newline_char " the bacon was cooked just the way i like it -- a little crispy because i do n't like having to chew it , " stonie told huffpost weird news after the feat . newline_char " the bacon was cooked just the way i like it -- a little crispy because i do n't like having to chew it , " stonie told huffpost weird news after the feat . newline_char i 'm used to 10 or 12 minute contests , where i 'm eating 10 or 15 pounds of food . newline_char i 'm used to 10 or 12 minute contests , where i 'm eating 10 or 15 pounds of food . newline_char eating competitively is his job , and when he 's stuffing his face on stage , he does n't taste food the same . newline_char eating competitively is his job , and when he 's stuffing his face on stage , he does n't taste food the same . story_separator_special_tag matt 'megatoad ' stonie , one of major league eating 's top two eaters in the world , just set the bacon-eating record by housing 182 slices in five minutes . newline_char matt 'megatoad ' stonie , one of major league eating 's top two eaters in the world , just set the bacon-eating record by housing 182 slices in five minutes . newline_char that 's a lot of pig ; stonie estimates that he ate more than six pounds of cooked bacon , which sports more than 28,000 milligrams of sodium , according to smithfield , which sponsored the event in daytona , florida . newline_char that 's a lot of pig ; stonie estimates that he ate more than six pounds of cooked bacon , which sports more than 28,000 milligrams of sodium , according to smithfield , which sponsored the event in daytona , florida . newline_char " the bacon was cooked just the way i like it -- a little crispy because i do n't like having to chew it , " stonie told huffpost weird news after the feat . newline_char " the bacon was cooked just the way i like it -- a little crispy because i do n't like having to chew it , " stonie told huffpost weird news after the feat . newline_char i 'm used to 10 or 12 minute contests , where i 'm eating 10 or 15 pounds of food . newline_char i 'm used to 10 or 12 minute contests , where i 'm eating 10 or 15 pounds of food . newline_char eating competitively is his job , and when he 's stuffing his face on stage , he does n't taste food the same . newline_char eating competitively is his job , and when he 's stuffing his face on stage , he does n't taste food the same .
