stagram posts give friends a peek into your personal life , but new research shows they may also provide a snapshot of your mental health . newline_char photos taken , edited , and shared to instagram can show signs of depression through filters , faces , and colors , according to harvard university ’ s andrew reece and christopher danforth from the university of vermont . newline_char computers trained on signals like hue , facial recognition , and saturation were also better at predicting depression than average humans who analyzed photo attributes like happiness , sadness , and likability . newline_char predictive markers of depression in instagram photos wouldn ’ t be used for treatment ; rather , they could potentially become part of procedures to catch symptoms of depression early and prompt  story_separator_special_tag instagram can be a good indicator of a person ’ s mental health . newline_char at least that ’ s what two researchers , harvard university ’ s andrew reece and the university of vermont ’ s chris danforth , have written in a recent report . newline_char the researchers then analyzed their instagram photos by looking at colors , brightness , and faces . newline_char those who were depressed tended to post photos with increased hue , decreased brightness , and decreased color saturation . story_separator_special_tag your instagram filter may reveal more than you realize about your mental health . newline_char researchers from harvard and the university of vermont have found that instagram photos can be analyzed to screen for depression . newline_char the scientists used the photos ' attributes , including brightness and color , to correctly identify which participants suffered from depression at a better rate than the typical physician . newline_char photos with decreased brightness , decreased saturation and increased hue indicated depression . newline_char valencia was the most popular filter with users who were not depressed , whereas depressed users were most likely to use inkwell .
