marvin joseph/the washington post ) looks like former president barack obama and former first lady michelle obama are putting down deeper roots in washington : after renting a kalorama home for their post-white house stint , the couple have purchased the eight-bedroom , nine-and-a-half-bath home for $ 8.1 million , according to property records . newline_char after leaving the executive mansion in january , the family settled into a rental home owned by bill clinton press secretary joe lockhart and his wife , giovanna gray lockhart , an 8,200-square-foot home that was built in 1921 and renovated in 2011 . newline_char spokesman kevin lewis , in a statement , said the purchase just made sense for the family : “ given that president and mrs. newline_char ” 1 of 8 full screen autoplay close skip ad × a look inside the obamas ’ kalorama home view photos the neighborhood also is home to president trump ’ s daughter ivanka and amazon founder jeff bezos  newline_char obama will be in washington for at least another two and a half years , it made sense for them to buy a home rather than continuing to rent property. newline_char obama will be in washington for at least another two and a half years , it made sense for them to buy a home rather than continuing to rent property. story_separator_special_tag former president barack obama and former first lady michelle obama purchased the kalorama home they ’ ve been renting since they left the white house in january . newline_char obama will be in washington for at least another two and a half years , it made sense for them to buy a home rather than continuing to rent property. newline_char obama will be in washington for at least another two and a half years , it made sense for them to buy a home rather than continuing to rent property. newline_char ” the obamas have said they plan to remain in the capital while their 15-year-old daughter sasha finishes high school at sidwell friends in washington . newline_char the residence was previously owned by joe lockhart , the former white house press secretary under president bill clinton .
