 is u.s. customs and border protection ’ s ( cbp ) border security responsibility to ensure that these imports comply with all applicable u.s. laws , including consumer safety standards . newline_char recently , cbp ’ s port of charleston , s.c. did just that when officers seized two shipments containing 2,380 counterfeit hoverboards because they violated trademark protections , and because they posed a potential health risk to u.s. consumers . newline_char “ enforcing product safety laws and protecting intellectual property rights is a top priority for customs and border protection , ” said anthony acrey , cbp ’ s acting area port director for the port of charleston . newline_char “ by seizing untested and potentially hazardous products at our nation 's borders , cbp officers protect the american consumer and contribute to keeping our communities safe beyond the holiday season . newline_char " cbp recently seized $ 1.6 million in counterfeit hoverboards in charleston , s.c. story_separator_special_tag click to enlarge u.s. customs and border protection two shipments containing 2,380 counterfeit hoverboards were recently discovered at the port of charleston in what is sure to become the crime of the future , u.s. customs and border protection officers recently intercepted two shipments containing 2,380 counterfeit hoverboards entering the port of charleston.yes , much like how marty mcfly commandeered a small child ’ s hoverboard to escape griff tannen and his gang in , so too have our local customs officers stepped in to outwit the criminals behind these potentially combustible conveyances.according to a press release from the cbp , which is tasked with ensuring that imports comply with u.s. regulations and safety standards , the seized hoverboards violated trademark protections and posed a potential health risk to consumers . newline_char according to the cbp , officers in chicago recently seized more than 16,000 potentially unsafe hoverboards , and more than 50,000 boards have been confiscated across the nation. newline_char “ enforcing product safety laws and protecting intellectual property rights is a top priority for customs and border protection , ” said cbp ’ s acting area port director for the port of charleston , anthony acrey , in a statement .
