 the u.s. supreme court has declined to hear a case brought by republican-led states that were seeking to defund medicaid funding for planned parenthood and other organizations that provide women 's reproductive health services . story_separator_special_tag | zach gibson/getty images legal kavanaugh , roberts side with liberal judges on planned parenthood case the supreme court on monday declined to review whether states can block planned parenthood and other abortion providers from their medicaid programs , passing on a pair of cases that would have served as the first major abortion test for the court ’ s new conservative majority . newline_char chief justice john roberts and the newest justice , brett kavanaugh , joined the court 's four liberal jurists in turning away a pair of petitions from kansas and louisiana seeking the ban on abortion providers . story_separator_special_tag washington ( cnn ) the supreme court monday rebuffed efforts by states to block funding to planned parenthood . newline_char it left in place two lower court opinions that said that states violate federal law when they terminate medicaid contracts with planned parenthood affiliates who offer preventive care for low income women . newline_char chief justice john roberts and justice brett kavanaugh appeared to side with the court 's liberals in not taking up the case -- showing an effort to avoid high-profile abortion-related issues for now . story_separator_special_tag warren , ap ) washington – the supreme court refused monday to consider efforts by republican-led states to defund planned parenthood . newline_char despite its new , more conservative tilt , the court let stand federal appeals court rulings that allowed the reproductive health organization 's patients to contest laws in louisiana and kansas that stripped its medicaid funds . newline_char the court ’ s refusal to hear the case represents a setback for conservative interest groups in many states that have sought aggressive action against planned parenthood and abortion providers in general .
