credited/associated press the buffalo bills have announced the hiring of kathryn smith as a quality control assistant under head coach rex ryan , which makes her " the first full-time female assistant coach in nfl history . newline_char smith issued a statement on thursday regarding the news , via nfl on espn : " i just like the way she is , " head coach rex ryan said friday , per joe buscaglia of wkbw . story_separator_special_tag the buffalo bills ' news release on the hiring of kathryn smith : the buffalo bills today announced that kathryn smith has been named the team ’ s special teams quality control coach . newline_char she has proven that she ’ s ready for the next step , so i ’ m excited and proud for her with  newline_char smith is the first female to be named to a full-time coaching position in nfl history . newline_char smith is the first female to be named to a full-time coaching position in nfl history . newline_char “ kathryn smith has done an outstanding job in the seven years that she has worked with our staff , ” said bills head coach rex ryan . newline_char “ kathryn smith has done an outstanding job in the seven years that she has worked with our staff , ” said bills head coach rex ryan . newline_char ” “ kathryn has been working in a football administrative role and assisted the assistant coaches for years . newline_char ” “ kathryn has been working in a football administrative role and assisted the assistant coaches for years . story_separator_special_tag she has proven that she ’ s ready for the next step , so i ’ m excited and proud for her with  newline_char the buffalo bills today announced that kathryn smith has been named the team ’ s quality control-special teams coach . newline_char smith is the first female to be named to a full-time coaching position in nfl history . newline_char smith is the first female to be named to a full-time coaching position in nfl history . newline_char “ kathryn smith has done an outstanding job in the seven years that she has worked with our staff , ” said bills head coach rex ryan . newline_char “ kathryn smith has done an outstanding job in the seven years that she has worked with our staff , ” said bills head coach rex ryan . newline_char ” “ kathryn has been working in a football administrative role and assisted the assistant coaches for years . newline_char ” “ kathryn has been working in a football administrative role and assisted the assistant coaches for years . newline_char she has proven that she ’ s ready for the next step , so i ’ m excited and proud for her with this opportunity .
