e cia ’ s armed drones and paramilitary forces have killed dozens of al-qaeda leaders and thousands of its foot soldiers . newline_char the cia ’ s armed drones and paramilitary forces have killed dozens of al-qaeda leaders and thousands of its foot soldiers . newline_char but there is another mysterious organization that has killed even more of america ’ s enemies in the decade since the sept. newline_char but there is another mysterious organization that has killed even more of america ’ s enemies in the decade since the sept. newline_char since 9/11 , this secretive group of men ( and a few women ) has grown tenfold while sustaining a level of obscurity that not even the cia has managed . newline_char since 9/11 , this secretive group of men ( and a few women ) has grown tenfold while sustaining a level of obscurity that not even the cia has managed . newline_char the seals are just part of the u.s. military ’ s joint special operations command , known by the acronym jsoc , which has grown from a rarely used hostage rescue team into america ’ s secret army . newline_char the seals are just part of the u.s. military ’ s joint special operations command , known by the acronym jsoc , which has grown from a rarely used hostage rescue team into america ’ s secret army . newline_char when members of this elite force killed osama bin laden in pakistan in may , jsoc leaders celebrated not just the success of the mission but also how few people knew their command , based in fayetteville , n.c. newline_char when members of this elite force killed osama bin laden in pakistan in may , jsoc leaders celebrated not just the success of the mission but also how few people knew their command , based in fayetteville , n.c. story_separator_special_tag the cia ’ s armed drones and paramilitary forces have killed dozens of al-qaeda leaders and thousands of its foot soldiers . newline_char the cia ’ s armed drones and paramilitary forces have killed dozens of al-qaeda leaders and thousands of its foot soldiers . newline_char but there is another mysterious organization that has killed even more of america ’ s enemies in the decade since the sept. newline_char but there is another mysterious organization that has killed even more of america ’ s enemies in the decade since the sept. newline_char since 9/11 , this secretive group of men ( and a few women ) has grown tenfold while sustaining a level of obscurity that not even the cia has managed . newline_char since 9/11 , this secretive group of men ( and a few women ) has grown tenfold while sustaining a level of obscurity that not even the cia has managed . newline_char the seals are just part of the u.s. military ’ s joint special operations command , known by the acronym jsoc , which has grown from a rarely used hostage rescue team into america ’ s secret army . newline_char the seals are just part of the u.s. military ’ s joint special operations command , known by the acronym jsoc , which has grown from a rarely used hostage rescue team into america ’ s secret army . newline_char when members of this elite force killed osama bin laden in pakistan in may , jsoc leaders celebrated not just the success of the mission but also how few people knew their command , based in fayetteville , n.c. newline_char when members of this elite force killed osama bin laden in pakistan in may , jsoc leaders celebrated not just the success of the mission but also how few people knew their command , based in fayetteville , n.c.
