tween november 2016 and october 2017 , a strange illness afflicted 24 diplomatic staff members working at the u.s. embassy in havana , cuba . newline_char they talked about hearing strange sounds , triggering speculation the cubans were employing a new acoustic weapon to harass embassy employees . newline_char his theory : the cubans were employing a microwave weapon against u.s. embassy employees , causing sonic delusions and “ very real brain damage ” . newline_char he based his theory on the microwave auditory effect , in which pulses of microwave energy of the sort emitted by radar elicits auditory sensations in exposed individuals . newline_char as the scientist who first proposed the now-accepted explanation of the effect in my 1974 science article , i find the theory wildly implausible . newline_char to elicit auditory sensations , individuals must be exposed to intense but brief ( microsecond ) pulses of microwave energy . story_separator_special_tag havana ( cnn ) a cuban government investigator looking into reports of mysterious acoustic attacks on us and canadian diplomats on the communist-run island on monday dismissed a us government theory that microwave weapons emitting concentrated beams of radiation may have been used in the incidents . newline_char mitchell valdes-sosa , a well-known neurologist who is part of the cuban special task force investigating the alleged attacks . newline_char " first , it was sonic weapons , now microwave . newline_char " the investigator said in an interview with cnn at his research center in havana , referring to an earlier theory that sonic weapons emitting high-powered ultrasound waves could have caused the injuries . newline_char valdes-sosa said researchers and investigators are working on a paper to rebut the microwave weapons theory . story_separator_special_tag note : we only request your email address so that the person you are recommending the page to knows that you wanted them to see it , and that it is not junk mail .
