shington ― the environmental protection agency has frozen its grant programs , according to sources there . newline_char epa staff has been instructed to freeze all its grants ― an extensive program that includes funding for research , redevelopment of former industrial sites , air quality monitoring and education , among other things ― and told not to discuss this order with anyone outside the agency , according to a hill source with knowledge of the situation . story_separator_special_tag ( matt mcclain/ the washington post ) the trump administration has instructed officials at the environmental protection agency to freeze its grants and contracts , a move that could affect everything from state-led climate research to localized efforts to improve air and water quality to environmental justice projects aimed at helping poor communities . newline_char “ new epa administration has asked that all contract and grant awards be temporarily suspended , effective immediately , ” read the email , which was shared with the washington post . newline_char “ until we receive further clarification , which we hope to have soon , please construe this to include task orders and work assignments. story_separator_special_tag the trump administration has imposed a freeze on grants and contracts by the u.s. environmental protection agency , a move that could affect a significant part of the agency ’ s budget allocations and even threaten to disrupt core operations ranging from toxic cleanups to water quality testing , according to records and interviews . newline_char in one email exchange obtained by propublica on monday , an epa contracting officer concluded a note to a storm water management employee this way : “ right now we are in a holding pattern . newline_char the new epa administration has asked that all contract and grant awards be temporarily suspended , effective immediately . newline_char until we receive further clarification , this includes task orders and work assignments.
