spitals should cremate or bury aborted foetuses rather than incinerating them , the medical director of the nhs in england says . newline_char the move by prof sir bruce keogh comes after it emerged that some hospitals have been burning foetuses as clinical waste . newline_char channel 4 dispatches programme says 10 nhs trusts have been burning remains alongside rubbish . newline_char health minister dr dan poulter said this practice was " totally unacceptable " . newline_char " that is why i have asked professor sir bruce keogh , nhs medical director , to write to all nhs hospital trusts , to make it clear that it must stop now . newline_char i am disappointed trusts may not be informing or consulting women and their families professor mike richards , care quality commission " the chief medical officer has also written to the human tissue authority to ask them to make sure that there is clear guidance on this issue . newline_char " 'disappointed ' the hta has a code of practice for the disposal of human tissue , which includes foetal remains , that hospitals should follow . story_separator_special_tag amanda holden leads campaign to stop nhs hospitals secretly burning miscarried foetuses without parents ’ knowledge investigation finds thousands of miscarried babies have been incinerated uncovered as part of channel 4 dispatches programme hosted by actress britain 's got talent host leads campaign after suffering miscarriage in 2010 addenbrooke ’ s hospital burned 797 foetuses at its 'waste to energy ' plant actress amanda holden , who suffered a miscarriage herself in 2010 , and delivered a stillborn son in 2011 , is hosting channel 4 's ending hospital heartache thousands of miscarried and aborted babies have been incinerated by nhs hospitals without their mothers ’ knowledge , an investigation has found . newline_char the government was forced to ban the practice after it emerged that 15,500 foetal remains have been incinerated by 27 trusts over the last two years alone . newline_char last night health minister dan poulter stepped in to order an immediate ban on incinerating foetal remains .
