arlett johansson leads this year 's ranking with $ 40.5 million in pretax earnings between june 1 , 2017 and june 1 , 2018 , making her acting 's top-earning female lead . newline_char scarlett johansson leads this year 's ranking with $ 40.5 million in pretax earnings between june 1 , 2017 and june 1 , 2018 , making her acting 's top-earning female lead . newline_char playing black widow in marvel 's avengers movies has become a lucrative role for johansson , who quadruples her 2017 earnings to bump stone from no . newline_char playing black widow in marvel 's avengers movies has become a lucrative role for johansson , who quadruples her 2017 earnings to bump stone from no . newline_char " the percent of budget cost have certainly skewed heavy , particularly on the avengers movies , to cast now , whereas maybe in the early ones it was more visual effects or below the line , " said kevin feige , marvel studios president and producer last year . newline_char " the percent of budget cost have certainly skewed heavy , particularly on the avengers movies , to cast now , whereas maybe in the early ones it was more visual effects or below the line , " said kevin feige , marvel studios president and producer last year . newline_char 3 ; $ 19.5 million ) still earns big bucks 14 years after the conclusion of friends , making most of her money by endorsing the likes of emirates airlines , smartwater and aveeno . newline_char 3 ; $ 19.5 million ) still earns big bucks 14 years after the conclusion of friends , making most of her money by endorsing the likes of emirates airlines , smartwater and aveeno . story_separator_special_tag scarlett johansson leads this year 's ranking with $ 40.5 million in pretax earnings between june 1 , 2017 and june 1 , 2018 , making her acting 's top-earning female lead . newline_char scarlett johansson leads this year 's ranking with $ 40.5 million in pretax earnings between june 1 , 2017 and june 1 , 2018 , making her acting 's top-earning female lead . newline_char playing black widow in marvel 's avengers movies has become a lucrative role for johansson , who quadruples her 2017 earnings to bump stone from no . newline_char playing black widow in marvel 's avengers movies has become a lucrative role for johansson , who quadruples her 2017 earnings to bump stone from no . newline_char " the percent of budget cost have certainly skewed heavy , particularly on the avengers movies , to cast now , whereas maybe in the early ones it was more visual effects or below the line , " said kevin feige , marvel studios president and producer last year . newline_char " the percent of budget cost have certainly skewed heavy , particularly on the avengers movies , to cast now , whereas maybe in the early ones it was more visual effects or below the line , " said kevin feige , marvel studios president and producer last year . newline_char 3 ; $ 19.5 million ) still earns big bucks 14 years after the conclusion of friends , making most of her money by endorsing the likes of emirates airlines , smartwater and aveeno . newline_char 3 ; $ 19.5 million ) still earns big bucks 14 years after the conclusion of friends , making most of her money by endorsing the likes of emirates airlines , smartwater and aveeno .
