udents staged raucous rallies on nationwide college campuses thursday in protests against deep education cuts that turned violent as demonstrators threw punches and ice chunks in wisconsin and blocked university gates and smashed car windows in california . newline_char students block sather gate on the university of california at berkeley campus thursday , march 4 , 2010 , in berkeley , calif . newline_char demonstrations , marches , teach-ins and walkouts are planned nationwide thursday ... newline_char ( associated press ) demonstrators march past royce hall on the campus at ucla in los angeles thursday , march 4 , 2010 . newline_char students , teachers , parents and others rallied throughout california and many other states to protest ... newline_char ( associated press ) demonstrators attend a rally on the campus at ucla in los angeles thursday , march 4 , 2010 . newline_char students , teachers , parents and others rallied throughout california and many other states to protest deep cuts ... newline_char ( associated press ) university of california , berkeley , students  story_separator_special_tag a national day of protests against education funding cuts began thursday with generally peaceful rallies , walkouts and teach-ins at universities and high schools . story_separator_special_tag ( 03-05 ) 12:12 pst san francisco -- gathering for a series of feisty rallies on college campuses , in civic plazas and in the streets , thousands of protesters lashed out thursday against the budget cuts and neglect that they say are breaking down the state 's public education system . newline_char the historic day of demonstrations in the bay area and beyond was largely peaceful , with students and others carrying signs like " chop from the top , " a reference to what they see as puffed-up executive salaries . newline_char but amid an often festive atmosphere , there were also efforts to make more forceful statements during the protests , called the day of action to defend public education .
