( sin huh ) — sometimes the men just wanted to talk with the north korean women . newline_char ” ( sin huh ) — sometimes the men just wanted to talk with the north korean women . newline_char but most of the time , they wanted the other option : “ body cam. newline_char but most of the time , they wanted the other option : “ body cam. newline_char ” watching through a smartphone app , the men would ask the women , some of the unknown thousands of north koreans sold to chinese husbands and living secretly in northern china , to show their breasts or their backsides , to touch themselves or perform sex acts on one newline_char ” watching through a smartphone app , the men would ask the women , some of the unknown thousands of north koreans sold to chinese husbands and living secretly in northern china , to show their breasts or their backsides , to touch themselves or perform sex acts on one story_separator_special_tag a group of female north korean workers has been forcefully repatriated from china after it was learned that they had been asked to work as prostitutes on the sly by their overseer while officially hired at a food factory , according to a local source . newline_char the women , believed to number about half a dozen , were among north korean workers sent across the border to gain precious foreign exchange revenue and had been placed under strict living conditions , including being barred from traveling outside their lodging alone , a source from china ’ s liaoning province bordering north korea told rfa ’ s korean service . newline_char however , the women , who worked at a food production factory in liaoning ’ s donggang city , had been leaving their compound at night to engage in illegal activities—including prostitution—at the behest of their handler , infuriating the local community , the source said . story_separator_special_tag ” ( sin huh ) — sometimes the men just wanted to talk with the north korean women . newline_char ” ( sin huh ) — sometimes the men just wanted to talk with the north korean women . newline_char but most of the time , they wanted the other option : “ body cam. newline_char but most of the time , they wanted the other option : “ body cam. newline_char ” watching through a smartphone app , the men would ask the women , some of the unknown thousands of north koreans sold to chinese husbands and living secretly in northern china , to show their breasts or their backsides , to touch themselves or perform sex acts on one newline_char ” watching through a smartphone app , the men would ask the women , some of the unknown thousands of north koreans sold to chinese husbands and living secretly in northern china , to show their breasts or their backsides , to touch themselves or perform sex acts on one
