updated by kurt chirbas , alice tidey and elizabeth chuck thousands of north carolina residents were allowed to return home wednesday after a landslide caused by heavy rains prompted mandatory evacuations near a dam , officials said . newline_char residents living below lake tahoma , in western north carolina , were ordered to leave around 1 a.m . newline_char et wednesday after the tahoma dam was inspected by an engineer and officials determined that the landslide had compromised its integrity . newline_char " act now to preserve your life , " urged a tweet from the national weather service office in greenville-spartanburg , south carolina . newline_char mcdowell county update : a landslide has comprised the integrity of lake tahoma dam . newline_char mcdowell county update : a landslide has comprised the integrity of lake tahoma dam . story_separator_special_tag 00:55 evacuation orders lifted in north carolina flood threat the evacuation orders in mcdowell county , n.c. have been lifted , and an engineer has deemed the lake tahoma dam safe for now . newline_char at a glance torrential rain lead to widespread flooding in western north carolina tuesday night and wednesday morning . newline_char evacuations were ordered below the lake tahoma dam in mcdowell county . newline_char mcdowell county emergency management ordered mandatory evacuations for all residents living below lake tahoma dam along  story_separator_special_tag mcdowell county update : a landslide has comprised the integrity of lake tahoma dam . newline_char mcdowell county update : a landslide has comprised the integrity of lake tahoma dam . story_separator_special_tag authorities in western north carolina canceled evacuations in an area south of the lake tahoma dam , which had been in " imminent danger " of failing after a landslide . newline_char local officials said wednesday morning that an engineer had performed a safety inspection and determined that the evacuation order was no longer needed . newline_char after midnight tuesday , the national weather service had declared a flash flood emergency in the area : mcdowell county emergency management reports water is spilling around the sides of lake tahoma dam .
