searchers ought to be able to duplicate the findings of other scientists ’ work , but a new study suggests that many published psychology results ca n't be recreated . newline_char a huge , collaborative research project attempted to recreate 100 studies that were recently published in major psychology journals , and it found that only 39 of those studies ' results could be replicated . newline_char that could mean that the studies were wrong in the first place , but researchers say that the findings tell more about the difficulty of designing a reproducible study than the accuracy of the studies themselves . newline_char that 's why scientists have generally pushed toward reproducing studies — and not just in psychology . newline_char " " i don ’ t see this story as negative or pessimistic , " brian nosek , a university of virginia researcher and the study 's corresponding author , told reporters this week . story_separator_special_tag scientific claims should not gain credence because of the status or authority of their originator but by the replicability of their supporting evidence . newline_char potentially problematic practices include selective reporting , selective analysis , and insufficient specification of the conditions necessary or sufficient to obtain the results . newline_char direct replication is the attempt to recreate the conditions believed sufficient for obtaining a previously observed finding and is the means of establishing reproducibility of a finding with new data . newline_char we conducted a large-scale , collaborative effort to obtain an initial estimate of the reproducibility of psychological science . newline_char we conducted replications of 100 experimental and correlational studies published in three psychology journals using high-powered designs and original materials when available . newline_char here , we evaluated reproducibility using significance and p values , effect sizes , subjective assessments of replication teams , and meta-analysis of effect sizes .
