e nunes memo is a document created by the staff of house intelligence committee chairman devin nunes ( r-calif. newline_char ) that alleges the fbi abused its surveillance authority , particularly when it sought a secret court order to monitor a former trump campaign adviser . newline_char president approves release of gop memo criticizing fbi surveillance the white house washington february 2 , 2018 the honorable devin nunes chairman , house permanent select committee on intelligence united states capitol washington , dc 20515 dear mr. newline_char chairman : on january 29 , 2018 , the house permanent select committee on intelligence ( hereinafter ? newline_char ed information provided to the committee in connection with its oversight activities ( the ? newline_char as provided by clause 11 ( g ) of rule of the house of representatives , the committee has forwarded this memorandum to the president based on its determination that the release of the memorandum would serve the public interest . newline_char the constitution vests the president with the authority to protect national security secrets from it disclosure . newline_char s responsibility to classify , declassify , and control access to information bearing on our intelligence sources and methods and national defense . newline_char in order to facilitate appropriate congressional oversight , the executive branch may entrust classi ? newline_char ed information to the appropriate committees of congress , as it has done in connection with the committee ? newline_char the executive branch does so on the assumption that the committee will responsibly protect such classi ? newline_char the committee has now determined that the release of the memorandum would be appropriate . newline_char the executive branch , across administrations of both parties , has worked to accommodate congressional requests to declassify speci ? newline_char c materials in the public interest.1 however , public release of classi ? newline_char s request to release the memorandum is interpreted as a request for declassi ? story_separator_special_tag 
