tory_separator_special_tag test of time : how modern technology is saving jeddah 's al-balad heritage site jeddah : in comparison with the developments of modern urban infrastructure , jeddah ’ s ancient port center of al-balad has largely stood the test of time . newline_char although al-balad has been a unesco cultural heritage site since 2014 , many of its historical buildings have perished due to fire and disrepair . newline_char in the past 50 years , unesco has served to provide the incentive to preserve historical sites such as al-balad , which is considered a staple of hijazi architecture . newline_char assisting in these efforts is a saudi-based 3d surveying and mapping firm called falconviz , which uses state-of-the-art drone technology and autodesk software to document and register these historical buildings for the preservation of future generations . newline_char , the ancient town of al-balad once served as the center of trade and commerce for the city of jeddah . newline_char what remains , though , are truly exemplary remnants of ancient building styles that are seldom seen elsewhere in saudi arabia . newline_char tackling historical buildings from new angles al-balad fully embodies traditional architecture , with its use of cut coral stones and intricately hand-carved “ rawashin ” -style latticed windows . newline_char it is one of the few remaining locations where such architectural styles can be seen first-hand , and holds a cultural and historical significance that is particular to this region . newline_char khaled abdelgawad , director of business development and acting operations manager at falconviz , explained how al-balad has an invaluable archaeological and architectural heritage . newline_char “ it is a cultural symbol that can serve both as a tourist attraction and an invaluable memory of an era of saudi arabia before oil , ” he said . newline_char however , preserving ancient buildings in this historic quarter comes with its own set of obstacles .
