ap ) — a massachusetts college president is apologizing after campus police were called to investigate a black student quietly eating her lunch in a common room . newline_char smith college president kathleen mccartney says in a letter thursday the college is hiring a " third-party investigator " to review the incident and that every smith staff member will undergo mandatory anti-bias training . newline_char officials say an employee at the northampton college called 911 tuesday to report someone appeared " out of place " in the building . newline_char mccartney has apologized to the undergraduate student , who is a teaching assistant this summer . story_separator_special_tag northampton ( cbs ) – smith college is investigating after police were called to investigate a black student who was eating her lunch in a common room . newline_char kanoute is a rising sophomore at smith college . story_separator_special_tag each incident shared a catalyst : someone considered black people going about their everyday lives to be suspicious or dangerous enough to call the police . newline_char kanoute noted that the person who called the police did not approach her first . newline_char the employee who placed the call to the police was placed on leave pending an investigation , the college announced on friday . newline_char in a statement on thursday , kathleen mccartney , smith ’ s president , apologized to ms. story_separator_special_tag a : the investigators were asked to determine whether any employees violated the college ’ s affirmative action policy in connection with the incident on july 31 , 2018 . newline_char the college also asked the investigative team , irrespective of its findings , to share recommendations for ways smith could improve its policies and practices on interactions with persons who may be perceived as suspicious . newline_char the investigators ultimately concluded that “ the caller provided a legitimate , non-discriminatory reason for calling the campus police on the day of
