ory highlights " i believe hillary clinton has the wisdom and experience to lead our country at this critical time , " scowcroft said despite his long history as a republican adviser , scowcroft has shaped democratic views as well ( cnn ) hillary clinton , the presumptive democratic presidential nominee , received an endorsement wednesday from a heavyweight foreign policy adviser to republican presidents . newline_char w. bush and gerald ford , and who worked in the white house of presidents richard nixon and george w. newline_char bush , said clinton " brings truly unique experience and perspective to the white house . newline_char " his endorsement was released hours after the republican presumptive nominee donald trump  story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . newline_char that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page 's authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web . story_separator_special_tag the consequences of american non-intervention in syria have , in some ways , been as bad as the consequences of american intervention in iraq , though fewer american lives and dollars have been expended . newline_char the president dragged his feet on syria for three reasons . story_separator_special_tag republican presidential candidate donald trump speaks in new york , wednesday , june 22 , 2016 . newline_char ( ap photo/mary altaffer ) ( associated press ) republican presidential candidate donald trump speaks in new york , wednesday , june 22 , 2016 . newline_char ( ap photo/mary altaffer ) ( associated press ) washington ( ap ) — donald trump 's fierce denunciation of hillary clinton on wednesday was rife with distortion .
