w the krupas , along with two other women , are suing the commissioner of the new jersey department of banking and insurance , claiming the mandate discriminates against their sexual orientation — essentially forcing infertile homosexual women to pay for costly procedures to try to become pregnant . newline_char advertisement continue reading the main story “ these women are already going through what can be a difficult experience , and they have the added stress of affording it financially and the added insult of being treated like a second-class citizen , ” said grace cretcher , a lawyer for the plaintiffs . newline_char the state mandate requires most major insurance companies to cover medically necessary treatments for infertile clients . newline_char cretcher said , violates the constitutional rights of nonheterosexual women . newline_char in a complaint filed last week , the plaintiffs , all lesbians trying to conceive , also sought damages for the cost of their treatments , including artificial insemination and in vitro fertilization . story_separator_special_tag pic.twitter.com/2dtoo9jtna — joe torres ( @ joetorresabc7 ) august 8 , 2016 marianne and erin krupa of montclair just want to have a baby . newline_char after $ 50,000 in fertility treatments , a half dozen miscarriages , four for erin and two for marianne , their five-year quest for motherhood now involves a new course of action ... newline_char legal action.last week they filed a suit against the state of new jersey . newline_char they say state law allows insurance coverage for fertility treatments for heterosexual couples , but not for lesbian couples . newline_char " right away , we were told that without having sexual intercourse , we would not be covered , " marianne said . newline_char " we have a medical diagnosis of infertility , and we were denied the medical treatments any heterosexual couple would have if they walked into a fertility clinic , " added erin.reproductive endocrinologist dr. newline_char miller says.the krupa 's lawsuit targets the head of the state
