ticle excerpt washington—behind the political showdown over the deadly u.s. consulate attack in benghazi , libya , are a few dozen heavily edited words . newline_char article excerpt washington—behind the political showdown over the deadly u.s. consulate attack in benghazi , libya , are a few dozen heavily edited words . newline_char the 94-word intelligence summary emerged from a daylong email debate between more than two dozen intelligence officials , in which they contested and whittled the available evidence into a bland summary with no reference to al qaeda , an assessment the administration now acknowledges was wide of the mark . newline_char the 94-word intelligence summary emerged from a daylong email debate between more than two dozen intelligence officials , in which they contested and whittled the available evidence into a bland summary with no reference to al qaeda , an assessment the administration now acknowledges was wide of the mark . newline_char now famous as " the talking points , " the 94 words were used by united nations ambassador susan rice on sunday talk shows days after the attack . newline_char now famous as " the talking points , " the 94 words were used by united nations ambassador susan rice on sunday talk shows days after the attack . newline_char that moment has become a proxy for a ... newline_char that moment has become a proxy for a ... story_separator_special_tag article excerpt washington—behind the political showdown over the deadly u.s. consulate attack in benghazi , libya , are a few dozen heavily edited words . newline_char article excerpt washington—behind the political showdown over the deadly u.s. consulate attack in benghazi , libya , are a few dozen heavily edited words . newline_char the 94-word intelligence summary emerged from a daylong email debate between more than two dozen intelligence officials , in which they contested and whittled the available evidence into a bland summary with no reference to al qaeda , an assessment the administration now acknowledges was wide of the mark . newline_char the 94-word intelligence summary emerged from a daylong email debate between more than two dozen intelligence officials , in which they contested and whittled the available evidence into a bland summary with no reference to al qaeda , an assessment the administration now acknowledges was wide of the mark . newline_char now famous as " the talking points , " the 94 words were used by united nations ambassador susan rice on sunday talk shows days after the attack . newline_char now famous as " the talking points , " the 94 words were used by united nations ambassador susan rice on sunday talk shows days after the attack . newline_char that moment has become a proxy for a ... newline_char that moment has become a proxy for a ...
