associated press ) louise turpin , left , talks to her attorney jeff moore during a preliminary hearing in superior court , wednesday , june 20 , 2018 , in riverside , calif. newline_char turpin and her husband david tuprin have pleaded not guilty to child abuse , torture and other charges . newline_char louise turpin , left , talks to her attorney jeff moore during a preliminary hearing in superior court , wednesday , june 20 , 2018 , in riverside , calif. newline_char louise turpin , left , talks to her attorney jeff moore during a preliminary hearing in superior court , wednesday , june 20 , 2018 , in riverside , calif. newline_char ( ap ) — in a plea to a police dispatcher to " help my sisters , " a 17-year-old girl in a childlike , quivering voice detailed years of abuse she and 12 siblings suffered in a house where she said they were shackled to beds , choked and went unbathed so long the stench was suffocating . newline_char in the 911 call played in a california court wednesday during a hearing to determine if her mother and father should face trial on child abuse charges , the girl said two younger sisters and a brother were chained to their beds and she could n't take it any longer . newline_char in the 911 call played in a california court wednesday during a hearing to determine if her mother and father should face trial on child abuse charges , the girl said two younger sisters and a brother were chained to their beds and she could n't take it any longer . story_separator_special_tag louise turpin , left , talks to her attorney jeff moore during a preliminary hearing in superior court , wednesday , june 20 , 2018 , in riverside , calif. newline_char louise turpin , left , talks to her attorney jeff moore during a preliminary hearing in superior court , wednesday , june 20 , 2018 , in riverside , calif. newline_char ( ap ) — in a plea to a police dispatcher to " help my sisters , " a 17-year-old girl in a childlike , quivering voice detailed years of abuse she and 12 siblings suffered in a house where she said they were shackled to beds , choked and went unbathed so long the stench was suffocating . newline_char in the 911 call played in a california court wednesday during a hearing to determine if her mother and father should face trial on child abuse charges , the girl said two younger sisters and a brother were chained to their beds and she could n't take it any longer . newline_char in the 911 call played in a california court wednesday during a hearing to determine if her mother and father should face trial on child abuse charges , the girl said two younger sisters and a brother were chained to their beds and she could n't take it any longer . newline_char " david and louise turpin have pleaded not guilty in riverside county superior court to torture , child abuse and other charges .
