oto : charles dharapak in response to edward snowden ’ s leaks , the government has tried to calm americans by declaring that when it comes to online communications , “ only non-u.s. persons outside the u.s. are targeted. newline_char the nsa is sifting through most e-mail and text communications in and out of the country , and their search isn ’ t limited to americans who deal directly with foreign targets . story_separator_special_tag share newly released documents confirm what critics have long suspected—that the national security agency , a component of the defense department , is engaged in unconstitutional surveillance of americans ' communications , including their telephone calls and emails . newline_char the documents show that the nsa is conducting sweeping surveillance of americans ' international communications , that it is acquiring many purely domestic communications as well , and that the rules that supposedly protect americans ' privacy are weak and riddled with exceptions . newline_char critics of the law feared the nsa would use the law to conduct broad surveillance of americans ' international communications and , in the process , capture an unknown quantity of purely domestic communications . newline_char government officials contended that the law authorized surveillance of foreign nationals outside the united states—not of americans—and that it included robust safeguards  story_separator_special_tag washington — the national security agency is searching the contents of vast amounts of americans ’ e-mail and text communications into and out of the country , hunting for people who mention information about foreigners under surveillance , according to intelligence officials . newline_char is not just intercepting the communications of americans who are in direct contact with foreigners targeted overseas , a practice that government officials have openly acknowledged . newline_char it is also casting a far wider net for people who cite information linked to those foreigners , like a little used e-mail address , according to a senior intelligence official .
