w york , ny - september 24 : u.s. president barack obama speaks at the 69th united nations general assembly at united nations headquarters on september 24 , 2014 in new york city . story_separator_special_tag president barack obama addresses the 71st session of the united nations general assembly , tuesday , sept. newline_char the president warned that the forces of globalization have exposed " deep fault lines " ... newline_char ( associated press ) president barack obama addresses the 71st session of the united nations general assembly , tuesday , sept. newline_char the president warned that the forces of globalization have exposed " deep fault lines " across the globe , calling for  story_separator_special_tag with the world watching , president barack obama today took an apparent swipe at donald trump 's plan to build a wall along the u.s.-mexico border , in his eighth and final address to the united nations general assembly as commander in chief . story_separator_special_tag obama warns against strongman governments making his case against nationalistic and anti-immigration movements that have grown both in the u.s. and around the globe , president barack obama told the united nations general assembly tuesday that “ today , a nation ringed by walls would only imprison itself. newline_char ” obama ’ s remark appeared to be an allusion to republican presidential candidate donald trump , who has campaigned hard against the president ’ s record and has pledged to build a wall along  story_separator_special_tag united nations ( reuters ) - both sides would benefit if israel recognized it can not permanently occupy palestinian land and if palestinians rejected incitement and recognized israel ’ s legitimacy , u.s. president barack obama told the united nations on tuesday . story_separator_special_tag president obama strongly defended a globalized , interconnected world in his final speech at the united nations on tuesday , arguing that open markets , capitalism and democracy should remain the guiding forces of the international order .
