ientists have learned that upwards of 25 percent of all people who become infected with ebola show none of the typical symptoms . newline_char the finding suggests the recent west african ebola epidemic was more widespread than previously thought , and that new methods need to be developed to diagnose and contain the dreaded virus during an outbreak . newline_char but as a new study published in plos neglected tropical diseases shows , a significant portion of people who contract ebola don ’ t show any of the typical signs ,  story_separator_special_tag by using elisa to measure zaire ebola virus antibody concentrations , we identified a significant number of individuals with previously undetected ebov infection in a ‘ hotspot ’ village in sierra leone , approximately one year after the village outbreak . newline_char the findings provide further evidence that ebola , like many other viral infections , presents with a spectrum of clinical manifestations , including minimally symptomatic infection . newline_char these data also suggest that a significant portion of ebola transmission events may have gone undetected during the outbreak . newline_char further studies are needed to understand the potential risk of transmission and clinical sequelae in individuals with previously undetected ebov infection . story_separator_special_tag between 2013 and 2016 , tens of thousands of people in west africa contracted ebola virus disease , making the epidemic the largest and longest on record . newline_char researchers reporting in plos neglected tropical diseases have discovered individuals in sierra leone who showed no signs of the disease but have evidence of prior ebola infection in their immune systems . newline_char an estimated 10-80 percent of people who show symptoms of ebola virus disease ( evd ) die , depending on their access to intensive care . newline_char however , researchers have also seen some evidence that a minority of people may catch the ebola virus without developing symptoms .
