is image shows a post on info wars ' twitter account showing right-wing conspiracy theorist alex jones questioning cnn journalist oliver darcy on wednesday , sept. newline_char ( associated press ) this image shows a post on info wars ' twitter account showing right-wing conspiracy theorist alex jones questioning cnn journalist oliver darcy on wednesday , sept. newline_char twitter is permanently banning jones and his " infowars " show for abusive behavior . newline_char ( associated press ) new york ( ap ) — twitter is permanently banning right-wing conspiracy theorist alex jones and his " infowars " show for abusive behavior . newline_char the company said jones wo n't be able to create new accounts on twitter or take over any existing ones . newline_char twitter said jones posted a video on wednesday that violates the company 's policy against " abusive behavior . newline_char " the video in question showed jones shouting at and berating cnn journalist oliver darcy for some 10 minutes in between two congressional hearings focused on social media . story_separator_special_tag we took this action based on new reports of tweets and videos posted yesterday that violate our abusive behavior policy , in addition to the accounts ’ past violations.https : //help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/abusive-behavior …  story_separator_special_tag twitter has permanently banned the accounts of right-wing conspiracy theorist and radio host alex jones and infowars for violating the company 's abusive behavior policies , the company said thursday . newline_char the ban appears to be related to a heated exchange between jones and a cnn reporter wednesday , which jones live-streamed on the twitter-owned video service periscope . newline_char " we took this action based on new reports of tweets and videos posted yesterday that violate our abusive behavior policy , in addition to the accounts ' past violations , " the company said in a series of tweets . newline_char accounts for jones and infowars were also banned from
