 promise to send at least 90 % of the proceeds ( and will almost certainly send more than that ) after our minimal expenses to it gets better and the williams institute . newline_char we promise your offsets will provide far more money to non-profits that support gays than buying a sandwich at chick-fil-a ends up putting in the pockets of anti-gay-rights organizations . newline_char if you 'd rather give money directly to gay-rights organizations without an offset or middleman or chicken sandwich , might i suggest freedom to marry ? newline_char i 'm ted frank and i love the chicken sandwiches at chick-fil-a . newline_char i 'm ted frank and i love the chicken sandwiches at chick-fil-a . newline_char but i also like my gay-married friends and do n't like the guilt of indirectly supporting chick-fil-a 's stance on gay rights . newline_char but i also like my gay-married friends and do n't like the guilt of indirectly supporting chick-fil-a 's stance on gay rights . newline_char every time you buy a chicken-sandwich meal at chick-fil-a , you can buy an " offset " here . newline_char every time you buy a chicken-sandwich meal at chick-fil-a , you can buy an " offset " here . newline_char your offsets will provide far more money to non-profits that support gays than buying a sandwich at chick-fil-a ends up putting in the pockets of anti-gay-rights organizations . story_separator_special_tag chicken offsets love chick-fil-a 's sandwiches but hate the company president 's stance against same-sex marriage ? newline_char d.c. lawyer and activist ted frank is now offering a way for chicken-lovers to have their sandwich and support gay rights , too , with chicken offsets . newline_char i 'm ted frank and i love the chicken sandwiches at chick-fil-a . newline_char i 'm ted frank and i love the chicken sandwiches at chick-fil-a . newline_char but i also like my gay-married friends and do n't like the guilt of indirectly supporting chick-fil-a 's stance on gay rights . newline_char but i also like my gay-married friends and do n't like the guilt of indirectly supporting chick-fil-a 's stance on gay rights . newline_char every time you buy a chicken-sandwich meal at chick-fil-a , you can buy an " offset " here . newline_char every time you buy a chicken-sandwich meal at chick-fil-a , you can buy an " offset " here . newline_char we promise to send a minimum of 80 % of the proceeds after expenses to it gets better and the williams institute . newline_char your offsets will provide far more money to non-profits that support gays than buying a sandwich at chick-fil-a ends up putting in the pockets of anti-gay-rights organizations .
