shington ( reuters ) - a trade deal fight led by u.s. democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders on saturday failed to fully materialize as rival and presumptive nominee hillary clinton announced a compromise to expand mandatory healthcare funding over the next decade . newline_char democratic u.s. presidential candidate hillary clinton speaks to the general conference of the african methodist episcopal church during their annual convention at the pennsylvania convention center in philadelphia , pennsylvania , u.s. newline_char reuters/charles mostoller at a meeting of the democratic party draft platform committee in orlando , florida , on saturday , supporters of sanders were unable to influence the committee to adopt strong language opposing the 12-nation trans-pacific partnership ( tpp ) trade pact , marking a powerful blow to the efforts by the u.s. senator from vermont to push the party further to the left . story_separator_special_tag democratic presidential candidate sen. newline_char bernie sanders , i-v.t , right , speaks as hillary clinton listens during the cnn democratic presidential primary debate at the brooklyn navy yard in new york on april 14 , 2016 . newline_char ( photo : seth wenig , ap ) washington — hillary clinton on saturday announced her plan to expand investments in community health care centers , the second of two proposals in a week apparently aimed at courting supporters of sen. newline_char the presumptive democratic nominee 's proposal would double funding for primary care services at federally qualified health centers , which serve populations with limited access to health care . newline_char community health care centers have been a key priority for sanders , i-vt. story_separator_special_tag the presumptive democratic presidential nominee also called for a substantial increase in funding in medical clinics that serve low-income americans , fully embracing a proposal from sen. newline_char saturday ’ s announcement on health policy follows a similar one from clinton earlier in the week
