ntiago de compostela , spain the driver of a spanish train that derailed , killing at least 80 people , was under police guard in hospital on thursday after the dramatic accident which an official source said was caused by excessive speed . newline_char the eight-carriage train came off the tracks , hit a wall and caught fire just outside the pilgrimage destination santiago de compostela in northwestern spain on wednesday night . story_separator_special_tag train driver who boasted about speeding is under investigation after video shows dramatic derailment . newline_char emergency personnel respond to the scene of a train derailment in santiago de compostela , spain , on july 24 . newline_char a train derailed in northwestern spain on wednesday night , killing dozens . newline_char a train derailed in northwestern spain on wednesday night  story_separator_special_tag story highlights survivor says the crash site looked like a scene from hell victim : " suddenly there was a curve , the suitcases fell and everything went dark " death toll at 80 , spokeswoman for spanish government in galicia region tells cnn crash may be linked to train going too fast , transport minister tells radio station the train races into view , and in the space of a heartbeat , the cars derail and crash into a wall of concrete , flipping onto their sides and skidding along the track with terrifying speed and force . story_separator_special_tag a passenger train derailed in northwestern spain on wednesday night , killing at least 35 people and leaving hundreds injured , officials said . newline_char emergency personnel respond to the scene of a train derailment in santiago de compostela , spain , on wednesday , july 24 , 2013 . newline_char a train derailed in northwestern spain on wednesday night , toppling passenger ... newline_char ( associated press ) emergency personnel respond to the scene of a train derailment in santiago de compostela , spain , on wednesday , july 24 , 2013 . newline_char a train derailed in northwestern spain on wednesday night  story_separator_special_tag santiago de compostela , spain — the train driver did little to hide his taste for speed .
