” the rhetoric of quotation is subtle , but in this particular round of political name-checking , francis is the authority brought in to lend credibility to obama ’ s policies . newline_char while it ’ s true that the pope is the head of the vatican state , that ’ s hardly his primary role . newline_char late last year , when president obama reviewed the draft of a speech he was scheduled to give on economic inequality , he sent it back with a request : he wanted his speechwriter to add a quote from pope francis ’ s recent letter to the catholic church . newline_char late last year , when president obama reviewed the draft of a speech he was scheduled to give on economic inequality , he sent it back with a request : he wanted his speechwriter to add a quote from pope francis ’ s recent letter to the catholic church . newline_char compare this to obama ’ s relationship with pope benedict xvi . newline_char compare this to obama ’ s relationship with pope benedict xvi . newline_char at the conclusion of his visit to the vatican in 2009 , obama reportedly said that he looked forward to “ a very strong relationship between our two countries. newline_char at the conclusion of his visit to the vatican in 2009 , obama reportedly said that he looked forward to “ a very strong relationship between our two countries. newline_char while it ’ s true that the pope is the head of the vatican state , that ’ s hardly his primary story_separator_special_tag late last year , when president obama reviewed the draft of a speech he was scheduled to give on economic inequality , he sent it back with a request : he wanted his speechwriter to add a quote from pope francis ’ s recent letter to the catholic church . newline_char late last year , when president obama reviewed the draft of a speech he was scheduled to give on economic inequality , he sent it back with a request : he wanted his speechwriter to add a quote from pope francis ’ s recent letter to the catholic church . newline_char ’ ” story continued below the rhetoric of quotation is subtle , but in this particular round of political name-checking , francis is the authority brought in to lend credibility to obama ’ s policies . newline_char compare this to obama ’ s relationship with pope benedict xvi . newline_char compare this to obama ’ s relationship with pope benedict xvi . newline_char at the conclusion of his visit to the vatican in 2009 , obama reportedly said that he looked forward to “ a very strong relationship between our two countries. newline_char at the conclusion of his visit to the vatican in 2009 , obama reportedly said that he looked forward to “ a very strong relationship between our two countries. newline_char while it ’ s true that the pope is the head of the vatican state , that ’ s hardly his primary
