vilians cheer as mutinous soldiers drive past , in front of a backdrop of burning tires , in bamako , mali wednesday march 21 , 2012 . newline_char gunshots could still be heard in the malian capital late wednesday , ... newline_char ( associated press ) civilians cheer as mutinous soldiers drive past in bamako , mali wednesday march 21 , 2012 . newline_char gunshots could still be heard in the malian capital late wednesday , hours after angry troops started a mutiny ... newline_char ( associated press ) a soldier participating in a mutiny stands near civilians and burning tires lit in support of the mutiny , in bamako , mali wednesday march 21 , 2012 . newline_char gunshots could still be heard in the malian capital ... newline_char ( associated press ) civilians walk past burning tires lit in support of mutinying soldiers , in bamako , mali wednesday march 21 , 2012 . newline_char gunshots could still be heard in the malian capital late wednesday , hours after angry ... newline_char ( associated press ) gunfire could be heard ringing throughout the capital , and the mutinous soldiers imposed a nationwide curfew . story_separator_special_tag media playback is unsupported on your device media caption it is unclear where the president and members of his government are now rebel troops have appeared on malian state tv to announce they have seized control of the country , hours after attacking the presidential palace . newline_char mali troop mutiny image copyright ortmtv image caption it is not clear whether capt amadou sanogo has the support of all malian forces mutiny leader capt amadou sanogo ( pictured above ) has imposed a national curfew it follows anger among troops at the government 's handling of a tuareg rebellion in the north the whereabouts of president amadou toumani toure are unknown a number of ministers have been arrested country has had democratic rule for 20 years troops in mali attack palace mali country profile it comes after the renegade troops had staged a mutiny traded gunfire with soldiers loyal to the government .
