photo : file ) story highlights ohio could become sixth jurisdiction in nation to legalize marijuana ballot clash with legislative initiative could end up in the courts ohio voters will decide nov. newline_char 3 whether to legalize marijuana with a constitutional amendment to institute a revolutionary proposal that backers say will create a billion-dollar industry in the next four years . newline_char secretary of state jon husted said wednesday the private investor group responsibleohio had collected 320,267 signatures of registered ohio voters , 14,676 more than necessary to qualify for the general-election ballot . newline_char responsibleohio spent more than $ 2 million since march on the petition drive to put its proposed marijuana legalization amendment before voters . newline_char after husted certified the petition result , james issued a statement : " it 's time for marijuana legalization in ohio , and voters will have the opportunity to make it happen this november -- we could n't be more excited , . newline_char by reforming marijuana laws in november , we 'll provide compassionate care to sick ohioans , bring money back to our local communities and establish a new industry with limitless economic development opportunities . newline_char 18 to determine responsibleohio 's ballot language and issue number . story_separator_special_tag the buckeye state will put pot legalization to the ballot on nov. newline_char 3 , ohio secretary of state jon husted confirmed . newline_char putting marijuana legalization on the ballot took a couple tries : ohio 's first attempt failed , but pro-pot advocate group responsibleohio , a driving force behind the initiative , pulled through with the minimum 305,591 signatures . newline_char the group 's investors pledged to spend at least $ 20 million to convince ohioans to vote for legalization . newline_char the responsibleohio initiative calls for a limit to pot production by ten farms , which state legislators argue might constitute an oligopoly . newline_char ohio follows ballot initiatives from across the country .
