few hours after hitting its all-time stock price high today , netflix has announced a new program for all employees . newline_char its chief talent office , tawni cranz , said : at netflix , we work hard to foster a “ freedom and responsibility ” culture that gives our employees context about our business and the freedom to make their own decisions along with the accompanying responsibility . newline_char at netflix , we work hard to foster a “ freedom and responsibility ” culture that gives our employees context about our business and the freedom to make their own decisions along with the accompanying responsibility . newline_char with this in mind , today we ’ re introducing an unlimited leave policy for new moms and dads that allows them to take off as much time as they want during the first year after a child ’ s birth or adoption . newline_char with this in mind , today we ’ re introducing an unlimited leave policy for new moms and dads that allows them to take off as much time as they want during the first year after a child ’ s birth or adoption . story_separator_special_tag at netflix , we work hard to foster a “ freedom and responsibility ” culture that gives our employees context about our business and the freedom to make their own decisions along with the accompanying responsibility . newline_char with this in mind , today we ’ re introducing an unlimited leave policy for new moms and dads that allows them to take off as much time as they want during the first year after a child ’ s birth or adoption . newline_char with this in mind , today we ’ re introducing an unlimited leave policy for new moms and dads that allows them to take off as much time as they want during the first year after a child ’ s birth or adoption . newline_char parents can return part-time , full-time , or return and then go back out as needed . story_separator_special_tag netflix announced tuesday that it ’ s now allowing employees to take unlimited maternity or paternity leave during the first year after their child ’ s birth or adoption . newline_char netflix will “ keep paying them normally , ” eliminating the hassle of having to switch to disability leave , the company says . newline_char netflix ’ s policy deserves high marks for extending leave to fathers , as well as understanding that the entire first year after childbirth can be challenging for new parents .
