 the weeks following this disaster , the project loon team has been working with the government of puerto rico , the fcc , the faa , fema , spectrum partners and international aviation authorities to bring balloon powered internet to the island to help . newline_char working with at & t , project loon is now supporting basic communication and internet activities like sending text messages and accessing information online for some people with lte enabled phones . newline_char this is the first time we have used our new machine learning powered algorithms to keep balloons clustered over puerto rico , so we ’ re still learning how  story_separator_special_tag global ir satellite provides worldwide cloud cover displayed on the map , refreshed every 60 minutes . newline_char global radar provides worldwide areas of intense precipitation on the map , refreshed every 30 minutes . newline_char total precipitation shows areas of active precipitation on the map , refreshed 12 times a day . newline_char airmets/sigmets issued by authorities forecasting significant weather events that are potentially hazardous to flights , refreshed every 30 min . newline_char forecasted areas of high level significant weather , available for up to a 24-hour period in six hour increments recorded lightning strikes shown on the map , updated every 15 minutes . newline_char wind speed and direction on the map , in 1,000 ft increments , refreshed 12 times a day . story_separator_special_tag ( associated press ) this wednesday , oct. newline_char said friday that its stratospheric balloons are now delivering the internet to remote areas of puerto rico where ... newline_char said friday that its stratospheric balloons are now delivering the internet to remote areas of puerto rico where cellphone towers were knocked out by hurricane maria . newline_char two of the search giant 's " project loon " balloons are already over the country enabling texts , emails and basic web access to at & t customers with
