anian hackers infiltrated a small new york dam in 2013 in a previously undisclosed incident , according to the wall street journal . newline_char the still-classified breach occurred amid a wave of iranian hacks on u.s. banks and just three years after a computer worm believed to be built by the u.s. and israel damaged nuclear infrastructure in iran . story_separator_special_tag ( ap ) — security researcher brian wallace was on the trail of hackers who had snatched a california university 's housing files when he stumbled into a larger nightmare : cyberattackers had opened a pathway into the networks running the united states power grid . newline_char ( ap ) — security researcher brian wallace was on the trail of hackers who had snatched a california university 's housing files when he stumbled into a larger nightmare : cyberattackers had opened a pathway into the networks running the united states power grid . newline_char 21 , 2015 at 3:01 a.m. est ( 2201 gmt ) and thereafter ; this story may not be published , broadcast or posted online before monday , dec. newline_char 21 , 2015 at 3:01 a.m. est ( 2201 gmt ) and thereafter ; this story may not be published , broadcast or posted online before monday , dec. story_separator_special_tag iranian hackers infiltrated the control system of a small dam less than 20 miles from new york city two years ago , sparking concerns that reached to the white house , according to former and current u.s. officials and experts familiar with the previously undisclosed incident . newline_char the breach came amid attacks by hackers linked to iran ’ s government against the websites of u.s. banks , and just a few years after american spies had damaged an iranian nuclear facility with a sophisticated computer worm called stuxnet . story_separator_special_tag ( ap ) — security researcher brian wallace was on the trail of hackers who had snatched a california university 's housing files when he stumbled into a larger nightmare : cyberattackers had opened a pathway into the networks running the united states power grid . newline_char ( ap ) — security researcher brian wallace was on the trail of hackers who had snatched a california university 's housing files when he stumbled into a larger nightmare : cyberattackers had opened a pathway into the networks running the united states power grid . newline_char 21 , 2015 at 3:01 a.m. est ( 2201 gmt ) and thereafter ; this story may not be published , broadcast or posted online before monday , dec. newline_char 21 , 2015 at 3:01 a.m. est ( 2201 gmt ) and thereafter ; this story may not be published , broadcast or posted online before monday , dec.
