san olsen , who played cindy brady on “ the brady bunch ” has been fired from her job as a los angeles-based radio dj after she posted a homophobic rant on facebook , reports rob shuter of naughtygossip . newline_char olsen interviewed openly gay actor leon acord-whiting as she co-hosted la talk radio ’ s “ two chicks talkin ’ politics ” segment on wednesday , december 7 . newline_char after the show , acord-whiting went on facebook to accuse the 55-year-old former child star of being “ dangerous ” and “ unprofessional. newline_char ” " it is wildly irresponsible for la talk radio to allow a trump fanatic to co-host one of their programs , where she can spew her idiotic lies unchecked , ” he wrote . newline_char " the next day olsen replied on her facebook page writing , " this is the little piece of human waste . newline_char susan olsen spreads outrageous misinformation & it is dangerous and unprofessional . newline_char susan olsen spreads outrageous misinformation & it is dangerous and unprofessional . story_separator_special_tag susan olsen , who played the youngest daughter , cindy brady , on the brady bunch , was fired from her hosting gig on a los angeles–based radio show after she posted a homophobic rant on facebook . newline_char the 55-year-old former child star spoke with openly gay actor leon acord-whiting as she cohosted la talk radio 's two chicks talkin ' politics segment on wednesday , december 7 . newline_char after the show , acord-whiting took to facebook to accuse olsen of spreading " outrageous misinformation . newline_char " michael tullberg/getty images " it is wildly irresponsible for la talk radio to allow a trump fanatic to co-host one of their programs , where she can spew her idiotic lies unchecked . newline_char susan olsen spreads outrageous misinformation & it is dangerous and unprofessional . newline_char susan olsen spreads outrageous misinformation & it is dangerous and unprofessional . newline_char " a day later , olsen responded on her facebook page , writing
