psychedelic drink used for centuries in healing ceremonies is now attracting the attention of biomedical scientists as a possible treatment for depression . newline_char researchers from brazil last month published results from the first clinical test of a potential therapeutic benefit for ayahuasca , a south american plant-based brew . newline_char although the study included just six volunteers and no placebo group , the scientists say that the drink began to reduce depression in patients within hours , and the effect was still present after three weeks . newline_char the work forms part of a renaissance in studying the potential therapeutic benefits of psychedelic or recreational drugs—research that was largely banned or restricted worldwide half a century ago . story_separator_special_tag but more recently scientists have been investigating ayahuasca as a treatment for psychological conditions such as ptsd and anxiety . newline_char now a team of brazilian researchers is testing the potion to treat depression , with promising preliminary results . newline_char they published their work recently in the journal revista brasileira de psiquiatria ( translation : brazilian review of psychiatry ) . story_separator_special_tag for centuries , amazonian shamans have been brewing ayahuasca , a hallucinogenic plant-based tea , for use in traditional healing ceremonies . newline_char now , the substance has caught the attention of not only the american tourists and spiritual seekers traveling to south america to participate ayahuasca retreats , but also medical researchers , who are investigating ayahuasca ( also known as the " spirit vine " ) as a treatment for mental health problems such as depression and post-traumatic stress disorder . newline_char this week , the results of the first clinical trial investigating ayahuasca as a treatment for depression were published in the brazilian review of psychiatry . newline_char its publication marks a promising early step toward clinical use of the psychotropic substance as a treatment for depression and other mental health problems .
