blished on oct 26 , 2018 a florida couple says they 'll never set foot on another carnival cruise ship after they say they found a hidden recording device in their stateroom . newline_char a florida couple says they 'll never set foot on another carnival cruise ship after they say they found a hidden recording device in their stateroom . newline_char in an exclusive interview that will air on inside edition monday , chris and dana white say they were aboard the carnival fantasy for a three-day caribbean cruise last october when they noticed the device , which they say was hidden among tv wires and pointing at their bed . newline_char in an exclusive interview that will air on inside edition monday , chris and dana white say they were aboard the carnival fantasy for a three-day caribbean cruise last october when they noticed the device , which they say was hidden among tv wires and pointing at their bed . story_separator_special_tag in an exclusive interview set to air on monday ’ s episode of inside edition , the couple say they ’ ll never set foot on another carnival cruise ship again . newline_char chris and dana white from pensacola were staying aboard the carnival fantasy for a three-day caribbean cruise from mobile , alabama to mexico last october when they noticed a recording device among tv wires in their room . story_separator_special_tag close chris and dana white told " inside edition " that they discovered a recording device hidden in their stateroom on a carnival cruise . newline_char usa today chris and dana white say they discovered a recording device hidden in their bedroom last fall on the carnival fantasy , a three-day caribbean cruise departing from mobile , alabama . newline_char in an interview set to air monday , chris and dana white told inside edition that they  story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag a florida couple says they 'll never set foot on another carnival cruise ship after they say they found a hidden recording device in their stateroom . newline_char in an exclusive interview that will air on inside edition monday , chris and dana white say they were aboard the carnival fantasy for a three-day caribbean cruise last october when they noticed the device , which they say was hidden among tv wires and pointing at their bed . newline_char in an exclusive interview that will air on inside edition monday , chris and dana white say they were aboard the carnival fantasy for a three-day caribbean cruise last october when they noticed the device , which they say was hidden among tv wires and pointing at their bed .
