onomists hate this sort of policy pander : it encourages people to use more gas , robs the highway trust fund of revenue that needs to be raised some other way , and ends up  newline_char in 2008 , hillary clinton was running against an inexperienced , untested young senator named barack obama . newline_char in 2008 , hillary clinton was running against an inexperienced , untested young senator named barack obama . newline_char clinton was known as one of the most serious policy wonks to ever run for president , and her network included most of the democratic party 's top policy staff , many of whom had worked directly for her or her husband . newline_char but somehow , much of the democratic policy establishment ended up supporting obama . newline_char but somehow , much of the democratic policy establishment ended up supporting obama . newline_char economists hate this sort of policy pander : it encourages people to use more gas , robs the highway trust fund of revenue that needs to be raised some other way , and  story_separator_special_tag in 2008 , hillary clinton was running against an inexperienced , untested young senator named barack obama . newline_char in 2008 , hillary clinton was running against an inexperienced , untested young senator named barack obama . newline_char clinton was known as one of the most serious policy wonks to ever run for president , and her network included most of the democratic party 's top policy staff , many of whom had worked directly for her or her husband . newline_char but somehow , much of the democratic policy establishment ended up supporting obama . newline_char but somehow , much of the democratic policy establishment ended up supporting obama . newline_char economists hate this sort of policy pander : it encourages people to use more gas , robs the highway trust fund of revenue that needs to be raised some other way , and  story_separator_special_tag hillary clinton breaks from obama on pacific trade deal 2:20 first read is a morning briefing from meet the press and the nbc political unit on the day 's most important political stories and why they matter . newline_char why clinton ’ s flip-flop on trade is so unbelievable yes , hillary clinton ’ s new opposition to the trans-pacific partnership trade accord cleans up something she needed to do before next week ’ s first democratic debate . newline_char and , yes , it puts pressure on vice president joe biden getting into the race ( because he ’ d be on the only major candidate in support of tpp ) .
