ap ) — effigies of black lynching victims found hanging on a northern california college campus have sparked debate over whether the images are powerful protest art or just plain tasteless and racist . newline_char the photographic images were found saturday morning hanging at two prominent spots on the campus of the university of california , berkeley . newline_char they were discovered a few hours before a demonstration against police brutality organized by a black student union was to start . newline_char police are investigating , but officials say they still do n't know who hanged the images or the motivation . newline_char " it 's unclear if this is racially motivated effort or an effort at something else , " campus spokeswoman claire holmes said . story_separator_special_tag berkeley -- three effigies of african-americans hanging from a noose were found on the uc berkeley campus saturday morning ahead of a noontime " # blacklivesmatter " protest in sproul plaza , a uc berkeley spokeswoman confirmed . newline_char amy hamaoui , interim executive director of uc berkeley 's communications and public affairs , confirmed the effigies and also said that university officials are looking to see if there are more effigies . newline_char two of the effigies were found hanging from the arches at famed sather gate , and another was discovered in a tree near bancroft lane , cal integrative biology student eniola abioye said . story_separator_special_tag protesters in berkeley , calif. newline_char chris wiggins for usa today students protest on the uc berkeley campus . newline_char , and new york city on saturday , three cardboard cutouts of african-americans were found hanging in effigy by nooses on the berkeley campus of the university of california . newline_char school spokeswoman amy hamaoui told the ap the effigies appear to be connected to a noon-time demonstration nearby planned to coincide with a national protest against police brutality . newline_char hamaoui said it 's unclear  story_separator_special_tag 
