ate agencies utilize their websites to publish everything from press releases , agendas , minutes , events , reports and statistics . newline_char state agencies utilize their websites to publish everything from press releases , agendas , minutes , events , reports and statistics . story_separator_special_tag california says nestle lacks permits to extract millions of gallons of water enlarge this image toggle caption california state water board california state water board california regulators say nestle may have to stop collecting a large portion of the water it bottles from the san bernardino national forest , because it lacks the legal permits for millions of gallons of water . newline_char nestle sells the water under the arrowhead label . newline_char the state water board says that of the 62.6 million gallons of water that nestle says it extracted from the san bernardino spring each year on average from 1947 to 2015 , the company may only have a right to some 8.5 million gallons . newline_char the state says nestle should apply for a new permit and ensure that all of its water diversions comply with california regulations , laying out a timeline for the company to respond . story_separator_special_tag nestle , which sells arrowhead ... newline_char ( associated press ) los angeles ( ap ) — nestle , which sells arrowhead bottled water , may have to stop taking millions of gallons of water from southern california 's san bernardino national forest because state regulators concluded it lacks valid permits . newline_char the state water resources control board notified the company on wednesday that an investigation concluded it does n't have proper rights to about three-quarters of the water it withdraws for bottling . newline_char " a significant portion of the water currently diverted by nestle appears to be diverted without a valid basis of right , " the report concluded . story_separator_special_tag state agencies utilize their websites to publish everything from press releases , agendas , minutes , events , reports and statistics . newline_char state agencies utilize their websites to publish everything from press releases , agendas , minutes , events , reports and statistics .
