 is , however , something you can actually buy and own , one of several personal items ford put on ebay wednesday night . newline_char " but caveat emptor , eager rob ford collectors : torontorobford currently has a feedback score of 0 . story_separator_special_tag , up to close button . newline_char this closes the  newline_char by clicking , you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder and have read and agree to the global shipping program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab . newline_char by clicking , you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder and have read and agree to the global shipping program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab . newline_char by clicking confirm , you commit to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder . newline_char by clicking confirm , you commit to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder . newline_char by submitting your bid , you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder . newline_char by submitting your bid , you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder . newline_char by submitting your bid , you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder . newline_char you have read and agree to the global shipping program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab . newline_char you have read and agree to the global shipping program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab . story_separator_special_tag were these helpful ? newline_char thank you for helping us improve ! newline_char by clicking , you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder and have read and agree to the global shipping program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab . newline_char by clicking , you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder and have read and agree to the global shipping program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab . newline_char by clicking confirm , you commit to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder . newline_char by clicking confirm , you commit to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder . newline_char by submitting your bid , you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder . newline_char by submitting your bid , you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder . newline_char by submitting your bid , you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder . newline_char you have read and agree to the global shipping program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab . newline_char you have read and agree to the global shipping program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab .
