 , nasa announced that astronaut jeanette epps would not fly , as expected , to the international space station in june . newline_char the space agency has n't released any information about why epps was benched from her planned mission , saying only that " these decisions are personnel matters for which nasa doesn ’ t provide information , " according to nasa spokesperson brandi dean . newline_char epps will now work in the astronaut office at johnson space center and await another possible flight assignment . newline_char nasa has benched astronauts before flights many times in its decades as a federal agency , and for many different reasons . story_separator_special_tag jeanette epps to the international space station . newline_char henry epps shared a moveon.org petition on his facebook page and called for nasa to reinstate epps to the mission , where she would be the first african-american to become a crew member on the iss . newline_char epps did not start the petition , but he and several other family members signed it . newline_char " henry epps wrote on facebook on saturday night . newline_char jeannette epps has been fighting against oppressive racism and misogynist in nasa and now they are holding her back and allowing a caucasian astronaut to take her place ! newline_char jeannette epps has been fighting against oppressive racism and misogynist in nasa and now they are holding her back and allowing a caucasian astronaut to take her place ! story_separator_special_tag nasa ’ s jeanette epps was on track to become the first african-american international space station ( iss ) crew member . newline_char however , on thursday the space agency announced it was rearranging their scheduled line-ups and epps would be replaced by serena auñón-chancellor for the june mission . newline_char jeannette epps has been fighting against oppressive racism and misogynist in nasa and now they are holding her back and allowing a caucasian astronaut to take her place ! newline_char jeannette epps has been fighting against oppressive racism and misogynist in nasa and now they are holding her back and allowing a caucasian astronaut to take her place ! newline_char ” henry epps wrote in a facebook post on saturday evening .
