edit : warren commission a new dartmouth study confirms the authenticity of the famous backyard photo of lee harvey oswald holding the same type of rifle used to assassinate president john f. newline_char the findings refute continued claims that the photo was faked because oswald 's pose is physically implausible . newline_char the findings refute continued claims that the photo was faked because oswald 's pose is physically implausible . story_separator_special_tag the pdf file you selected should load here if your web browser has a pdf reader plug-in installed ( for example , a recent version of adobe acrobat reader ) . newline_char alternatively , you can download the pdf file directly to your computer , from where it can be opened using a pdf reader . story_separator_special_tag 2009 study from dartmouth that analysed the lighting and shadows of the lee harvey oswald photo dartmouth one of the most controversial photos in history is authentic , according to 3d analysis by dartmouth college . newline_char the seemingly damning photo of lee harvey oswald -- who was arrested and charged for the assassination of us president john f kennedy , but died before trial -- pictures him holding the same type of rifle that killed jfk , and a couple of marxist newspapers . story_separator_special_tag - a new dartmouth study confirms the authenticity of the famous backyard photo of lee harvey oswald holding the same type of rifle used to assassinate president john f. newline_char - a new dartmouth study confirms the authenticity of the famous backyard photo of lee harvey oswald holding the same type of rifle used to assassinate president john f. newline_char the findings refute continued claims that the photo was faked because oswald 's pose is physically implausible . newline_char the findings refute continued claims that the photo was faked because oswald 's pose is physically implausible . newline_char " our detailed analysis of oswald 's pose , the lighting and shadows and the rifle in his hands refutes the argument of photo tampering , " says senior author hany farid , a professor of computer science and
