deo released by rosemont police friday depicts kenneka jenkins staggering alone through a deserted hotel kitchen and disappearing around a corner — the last time she 's seen alive . newline_char video released by rosemont police friday depicts kenneka jenkins staggering alone through a deserted hotel kitchen and disappearing around a corner — the last time she 's seen alive . newline_char though it does n't capture her entering the walk-in freezer where her body was found , video taken by what appears to be a motion-activated camera shows that no one else came into that area until her body was found . newline_char though it does n't capture her entering the walk-in freezer where her body was found , video taken by what appears to be a motion-activated camera shows that no one else came into that area until her body was found . newline_char village officials released the video after days of speculation about the death of the 19-year-old chicago woman and pressure by community activists dissatisfied with the investigation . newline_char village officials released the video after days of speculation about the death of the 19-year-old chicago woman and pressure by community activists dissatisfied with the investigation . story_separator_special_tag video released by rosemont police friday depicts kenneka jenkins staggering alone through a deserted hotel kitchen and disappearing around a corner — the last time she 's seen alive . newline_char video released by rosemont police friday depicts kenneka jenkins staggering alone through a deserted hotel kitchen and disappearing around a corner — the last time she 's seen alive . newline_char though it does n't capture her entering the walk-in freezer where her body was found , video taken by what appears to be a motion-activated camera shows that no one else came into that area until her body was found . newline_char though it does n't capture her entering the walk-in freezer where her body was found , video taken by what appears to be a motion-activated camera shows that no one else came into that area until her body was found . newline_char village officials released the video after days of speculation about the death of the 19-year-old chicago woman and pressure by community activists dissatisfied with the investigation . newline_char village officials released the video after days of speculation about the death of the 19-year-old chicago woman and pressure by community activists dissatisfied with the investigation . newline_char activist misrepresented family of teen found dead in freezer : mom the hotel " never checked . story_separator_special_tag videos catch glimpses of kenneka jenkins ’ final hours at crowne plaza she arrived at the hotel to party with her friends . newline_char those were among the images of 19-year-old kenneka jenkins captured on surveillance video at the crowne plaza hotel , where she was found dead in a walk-in freezer last weekend . newline_char rosemont police released nine video files friday afternoon . newline_char one video shows her walking alone in the hotel kitchen around 3:30 a.m. saturday but does not directly show her walking into the freezer where she was found dead . story_separator_special_tag 
