e world 's major central banks unleashed coordinated action wednesday to ease the increasing strains on the global financial system , a move that sent stock markets up sharply . newline_char " the ecb said in a statement the banks are making it cheaper for banks to get u.s. dollar liquidity when they need it , starting next monday . newline_char the european central bank , u.s. federal reserve , the bank of england and the central banks of canada , japan and switzerland are all taking part in the operation , which is designed to " enhance their capacity to provide liquidity support to the global financial system . newline_char the european central bank , u.s. federal reserve , the bank of england and the central banks of canada , japan and switzerland are all taking part in the operation , which is designed to " enhance their capacity to provide liquidity support to the global financial system . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag the world 's major central banks made it easier wednesday for banks to get dollars if they need them , a coordinated move to ease the strains on the global financial system . newline_char the european central bank , u.s. federal reserve , the bank of england and the central banks of canada , japan and switzerland are all taking part in the operation , which is designed to " enhance their capacity to provide liquidity support to the global financial system . newline_char the european central bank , u.s. federal reserve , the bank of england and the central banks of canada , japan and switzerland are all taking part in the operation , which is designed to " enhance their capacity to provide liquidity support to the global financial system . newline_char " the european central bank said in a statement the central banks were making it cheaper for banks to get u.s. dollar liquidity when they need it , starting next monday . newline_char they are also taking steps to ensure banks can get ready money in any currency if market conditions warrant by establishing a temporary network of reciprocal swap lines . story_separator_special_tag for release at 8:00 a.m. est the bank of canada , the bank of england , the bank of japan , the european central bank , the federal reserve , and the swiss national bank are today announcing coordinated actions to enhance their capacity to provide liquidity support to the global financial system .
