, 2018 to reflect additional product codes and increases in the poundage of products being recalled ; -details of this recall were updated oct. newline_char establishment , is recalling approximately 6,937,195 pounds of various raw , non-intact beef products that may be contaminated with salmonella newport , the u.s. department of agriculture ’ s food safety and inspection service ( fsis ) announced today . newline_char the raw , non-intact beef items , including ground beef , were packaged on various dates from july 26 , 2018 to sept. story_separator_special_tag story highlights 57 cases of salmonella illness linked to this outbreak were reported in 16 states fourteen patients have been hospitalized ( cnn ) arizona-based meat producer jbs tolleson inc. newline_char is recalling 6,500,966 pounds of " various raw , non-intact beef products " due to an outbreak of salmonella , the us department of agriculture 's food safety and inspection service announced thursday . newline_char the recall was issued after health officials identified jbs as the common supplier of raw ground beef products found to be the " probable source " of reported salmonella illnesses . newline_char fifty-seven cases of salmonella illness linked to this outbreak were reported in 16 states between august 5 and september 6 . newline_char the food safety and inspection service was first notified of the possible outbreak in september . story_separator_special_tag ( ap ) — an arizona company has recalled more than 6.5 million pounds ( 2.9 kilograms ) of beef that could be contaminated with salmonella . newline_char the u.s. department of agriculture 's food safety and inspection service announced the recall thursday . newline_char an investigation traced products including ground beef and beef patties to jbs tolleson , inc. newline_char officials say an epidemiological investigation has identified 57 people from 16 states who have become ill. newline_char officials are asking people to check for products with " est.267 " inside the usda mark of inspection .
