seph abbey that the way out of financial hardship might be selling the monks ’ handcrafted caskets , the state of louisiana arrived with a different message . newline_char joseph abbey that the way out of financial hardship might be selling the monks ’ handcrafted caskets , the state of louisiana arrived with a different message . newline_char joseph abbot justin brown said in a recent interview in the picturesque abbey , which is located about an hour ’ s drive from new orleans , on the other side of lake pontchartrain . newline_char joseph abbot justin brown said in a recent interview in the picturesque abbey , which is located about an hour ’ s drive from new orleans , on the other side of lake pontchartrain . newline_char brown , a soft-spoken man who is only the fifth leader of a monastery that dates to 1889 , said he had not known that in louisiana only licensed funeral directors are allowed to sell “ funeral merchandise. newline_char brown , a soft-spoken man who is only the fifth leader of a monastery that dates to 1889 , said he had not known that in louisiana only licensed funeral directors are allowed to sell “ funeral merchandise. newline_char joseph abbey must either give up the casket-selling business or become a licensed funeral establishment , which would require a layout parlor for 30 people , a display area for the coffins , the employment of a licensed funeral director and an embalming room . newline_char joseph abbey must either give up the casket-selling business or become a licensed funeral establishment , which would require a layout parlor for 30 people , a display area for the coffins , the employment of a licensed funeral director and an embalming room . newline_char “ really , ” brown said . story_separator_special_tag joseph abbey that the way out of financial hardship might be selling the monks ’ handcrafted caskets , the state of louisiana arrived with a different message . newline_char joseph abbey that the way out of financial hardship might be selling the monks ’ handcrafted caskets , the state of louisiana arrived with a different message . newline_char joseph abbot justin brown said in a recent interview in the picturesque abbey , which is located about an hour ’ s drive from new orleans , on the other side of lake pontchartrain . newline_char joseph abbot justin brown said in a recent interview in the picturesque abbey , which is located about an hour ’ s drive from new orleans , on the other side of lake pontchartrain . newline_char brown , a soft-spoken man who is only the fifth leader of a monastery that dates to 1889 , said he had not known that in louisiana only licensed funeral directors are allowed to sell “ funeral merchandise. newline_char brown , a soft-spoken man who is only the fifth leader of a monastery that dates to 1889 , said he had not known that in louisiana only licensed funeral directors are allowed to sell “ funeral merchandise. newline_char joseph abbey must either give up the casket-selling business or become a licensed funeral establishment , which would require a layout parlor for 30 people , a display area for the coffins , the employment of a licensed funeral director and an embalming room . newline_char joseph abbey must either give up the casket-selling business or become a licensed funeral establishment , which would require a layout parlor for 30 people , a display area for the coffins , the employment of a licensed funeral director and an embalming room . newline_char “ really , ” brown said .
