der johnson was last seen in january after finishing his shift at the eldora ski resort near nederland . newline_char “ he liked the flagstaff road area and kind of the overlooks of boulder , ” said richard johnson , ryder ’ s father . newline_char the boulder county sheriffs ' office continues their search for the 21-year-old , but johnson says , so far there are not many leads  story_separator_special_tag the family of ryder johnson , the lafayette man who went missing in january , is now offering a reward of $ 100,000 for leads on his whereabouts . newline_char 17 leaving his job at eldora mountain resort near nederland , and his car was found later that night parked at 5800 gross dam road in southwest boulder county . newline_char 17 leaving his job at eldora mountain resort near nederland , and his car was found later that night parked at 5800 gross dam road in southwest boulder county . story_separator_special_tag × severed foot found at eldora ski resort does not belong to missing employee boulder , colo. newline_char — the severed foot found in a boot at the base of eldora mountain resort in june does not belong to a resort employee who has been missing since january , the boulder county coroner ’ s office said friday . newline_char johnson was last seen leaving the resort on jan. story_separator_special_tag 17 leaving job at ski resort almost three weeks after he was last seen , a 20-year-old lafayette man remains missing as detectives and search crews have no viable leads about where he may be . newline_char 17 leaving his job at eldora mountain resort near nederland , and his car was found later that night parked at 5800 gross dam road in southwest boulder county . newline_char 17 leaving his job at eldora mountain resort near nederland , and his car was found later that night parked at 5800 gross dam road in southwest boulder county . newline_char a thorough search of the area turned up no sign of johnson , and weeks of subsequent investigation has turned up no leads on where he may have been heading or what he may have been doing .
