e information was posted during an extraordinary hearing in which supreme court nominee brett kavanaugh and christine blasey ford testified in front of the senate judiciary committee . newline_char | john shinkle/politico ex-democratic staffer charged with posting senators ’ private info a man accused of " doxing " several gop senators was caught on tuesday night inside the office of sen. newline_char maggie hassan by a hassan staffer , who then called the police on the man , according to a person familiar with the matter . newline_char cosko , 27 , for posting addresses and private information of senators , according to the police department . newline_char ) staffer , cosko made an unauthorized entry into her capitol hill office on tuesday evening which led to his arrest , the person familiar with the matter said . story_separator_special_tag u.s. capitol police announced late wednesday that a former junior senate democratic staffer has been arrested for allegedly posting private information about republican senators on the wikipedia internet website . newline_char cosko , 27 , of the district , faces five federal counts including making public restricted personal information , making threats in interstate communications , identity theft , witness tampering and unauthorized access of a government computer , police said . newline_char cosko also faces district charges of second degree burglary and unlawful entry , police said . newline_char “ the investigation will continue and additional charges may be forthcoming , ” capitol police spokeswoman eva malecki said . story_separator_special_tag lindsey graham , mike lee and orrin hatch were posted by an unknown person located in the house of representatives on thursday during the hearing of supreme court nominee judge brett kavanaugh . newline_char kavanaugh vote live blog - senate judiciary committee weighs in on recommending nominee but while the home addresses of the senators appear to be correct , the phone numbers weren ’ t entirely accurate
