esident-elect donald trump answers questions from the media during transition team meetings at the mar-a-lago club on dec. newline_char ( ricky carioti/the washington post ) after having repeatedly praised president obama ’ s efforts to ensure a smooth transition , president-elect donald trump reversed course on wednesday , accusing the current occupant of the oval office of putting “ roadblocks ” in his way . newline_char , saying he was “ doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory president o statements and roadblocks. newline_char trump ( @ realdonaldtrump ) december 28 , 2016 “ thought it was going to be a smooth transition — not ! newline_char ” the republican president-elect wrote . newline_char doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory president o statements and roadblocks.thought it was going to be a smooth transition - not ! newline_char doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory president o statements and roadblocks.thought it was going to be a smooth transition - not ! story_separator_special_tag kerry ’ s greatest success was the historic accord to curtail iran ’ s nuclear development program and a landmark climate change treaty to limit greenhouse gas emissions and slow global warming . story_separator_special_tag doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory president o statements and roadblocks.thought it was going to be a smooth transition - not ! newline_char doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory president o statements and roadblocks.thought it was going to be a smooth transition - not ! story_separator_special_tag president-elect donald trump said he had a " nice conversation " with president barack obama wednesday following a string of tweets in which he went so far as to suggest that the sitting president was disrupting the smooth transition of power . newline_char interested in donald trump ? newline_char add interest " he phoned me , we had a very nice conversation , " trump told reporters today outside his mar-a-lago club in florida . newline_char " later this evening , trump stepped out again , this time with don king by his side , and emphasized that he had a " good talk " with obama . newline_char " i actually thought we covered a lot of good territory , " he said .
