 the republicans still harbor any doubts about whether or not they should shut down the government , those doubts should be long gone for one simple reason : if david stockman is for it , it must be a bad idea . newline_char ” the erstwhile reagan budget chief told the daily beast ’ s lloyd grove . newline_char “ i think the republicans need to stand rigidly firm and shut the government down for a few days . newline_char “ i think the republicans need to stand rigidly firm and shut the government down for a few days . newline_char if the republicans hold the line , obama will fold faster than a lawn chair . newline_char if the republicans hold the line , obama will fold faster than a lawn chair . story_separator_special_tag former budget director david stockman says america must deal with its mountain of debt , and faces an epoch of falling incomes and a stalled economy . newline_char “ bring it on , ” he tells lloyd grove about the government shutdown . newline_char feeling depressed about the budget negotiations in washington—the meaningless posturing , the colossal deficit , the looming government shutdown , and the nation ’ s collective inability to come to grips with the real problem ? newline_char ( photo : douglas healey , bloomberg / getty images ) leave it to david stockman , the acid-tongued former budget director for president reagan , to make you feel even worse . newline_char “ bring it on , ” stockman told me thursday morning from his estate in greenwich , connecticut—some 40 hours before the midnight friday deadline that , absent an agreement between president obama , senate majority leader harry reid and house speaker john boehner , will result in furloughs , federal dysfunction and untold harm to the fragile economy . newline_char “ i think the republicans need to stand rigidly firm and shut the government down for a few days . newline_char “ i think the republicans need to stand rigidly firm and shut the government down for a few days . newline_char if the republicans hold the line , obama will fold faster than a lawn chair . newline_char if the republicans hold the line , obama will fold faster than a lawn chair .
