ese crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . newline_char these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . newline_char that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page 's authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web . story_separator_special_tag a texas family is grieving after their 10-year-old daughter tragically died after trying to rescue kittens . newline_char greenlee marie was trying to rescue her kittens from behind a clothes dryer in her home when she was electrocuted , according to a gofundme created by her family . newline_char she was trying to rescue two kittens from behind her family ’ s dryer when she was tragically taken from this world , ” the gofundme read . story_separator_special_tag she was trying to rescue two kittens from behind her family ’ s dryer when she was tragically taken from this world . newline_char at the wishes of her beloved parents , shelby roos and scott hendrix , fundraising in greenlee ’ s memory are being made available to all who knew her and loved her in our community . story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . newline_char these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . newline_char that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page 's authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
