 the chaos of the attempted coup perpetrated by elements of the turkish military in july , the nation ’ s president and incipient strongman recep tayyip erdoğan pointed the finger squarely at one source : the gülen movement . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag their anger was palpable during a violent , military coup attempt that brought tanks rolling through the streets of ankara and istanbul , a bomb tossed in parliament and heavy artillery in their cities . newline_char supporters of president recep tayyip erdogan swarmed the streets to thwart the military 's advances to seize control . story_separator_special_tag istanbul/ankara ( reuters ) - turkish authorities rounded up nearly 3,000 suspected military plotters on saturday and ordered thousands of judges detained after thwarting a coup by rebels using tanks and attack helicopters to try to topple president tayyip erdogan . newline_char for several hours overnight on friday violence shook turkey ’ s two main cities , as the armed faction which tried to seize power blocked a bridge in istanbul and strafed the headquarters of turkish intelligence and parliament in ankara . story_separator_special_tag u.s. secretary of state john kerry gestures while speaking to the media during his and russian foreign minister sergey lavrov news conference following their long talks in moscow , russia , friday , july ... newline_char ( associated press ) u.s. secretary of state john kerry gestures while speaking to the media during his and russian foreign minister sergey lavrov news conference following their long talks in moscow , russia , friday , july 15 , 2016 . story_separator_special_tag turkish soldiers secure the area as supporters of turkey 's president recep tayyip erdogan protest in istanbul 's taksim square , early saturday , july 16 , 2016 . newline_char ( associated press ) turkish soldiers secure the area as supporters of turkey 's president recep tayyip erdogan protest in istanbul 's taksim square , early saturday , july 16 , 2016 .
