ws , goats , deer , and sheep naturally produce an abundance of methane — one of the more powerful greenhouse gases — but researchers are hoping that they can all but bring an end to that with selective breeding . newline_char preliminary findings suggest it can be done , according to a team of researchers from over a half-dozen countries . newline_char the team found that methane production , which primarily occurs through belching , was consistent in each animal . newline_char this finding should allow the team to breed animals that release methane at continually lower levels . newline_char however , the team 's intention is n't strictly environmental : the real hope is to increase the efficiency of cows and other ruminant , methane-producing animals . newline_char the team says that between 2 and 10 % of such animals ' energy is used to produce methane . story_separator_special_tag cows , goats , deer , and sheep naturally produce an abundance of methane — one of the more powerful greenhouse gases — but researchers are hoping that they can all but bring an end to that with selective breeding . newline_char the verge reports : cows , goats , deer , and sheep naturally produce an abundance of methane — one of the more powerful greenhouse gases — but researchers are hoping that they can all but bring an end to that with selective breeding . story_separator_special_tag the possibility of selective breeding to produce cattle that are consistently low methane emitters is being explored by an international team of scientists led by the university of aberdeen . newline_char ruminants produce methane - a greenhouse gas with a global warming potential 25 times that of carbon dioxide . newline_char preliminary findings of the four-year ruminomics project - which comprises scientists from the uk , france , italy , finland , netherlands , czech republic and sweden , with international advisors from canada and australia - add further support to the existing idea that the genetics of an animal may influence the level of methane
