ws of the world was known for years of hard-hitting investigations , exposure of wrongdoing , campaigning - and a hefty dose of celebrity gossip . newline_char james murdoch , news corp. newline_char " the paper is one of britain 's sauciest and most storied tabloids , and was a key building block in the global media empire created by news corp. newline_char chairman and chief executive rupert murdoch , who purchased it in 1969 . newline_char the paper has been under immense pressure for five years amid investigations into the use of private detectives to break into the mobile-phone voice mail of celebrities and political leaders . newline_char the public rebuke reached a new level this week with the allegation that , in 2002 , the paper accessed the voice mail of an abducted 13-year-old girl who , it turned out , had been murdered . newline_char a person familiar with the matter said james murdoch proposed the closure to his father earlier this week , and the idea was pursued immediately . newline_char murdoch said . newline_char says it will close its 168-year-old u.k. tabloid news of the world , a dramatic bid to cap a scandal centered on the paper 's controversial reporting tactics in pursuit of racy scoops . newline_char says it will close its 168-year-old u.k. tabloid news of the world , a dramatic bid to cap a scandal centered on the paper 's controversial reporting tactics in pursuit of racy scoops . newline_char the paper , which appears on sundays , is accused of improperly intercepting voice mails of everyday people , including a 13-year-old murder victim , as well as those of celebrities . newline_char the paper , which appears on sundays , is accused of improperly intercepting voice mails of everyday people , including a 13-year-old murder victim , as well as those of celebrities . story_separator_special_tag says it will close its 168-year-old u.k. tabloid news of the world , a dramatic bid to cap a scandal centered on the paper 's controversial reporting tactics in pursuit of racy scoops . newline_char says it will close its 168-year-old u.k. tabloid news of the world , a dramatic bid to cap a scandal centered on the paper 's controversial reporting tactics in pursuit of racy scoops . newline_char the paper , which appears on sundays , is accused of improperly intercepting voice mails of everyday people , including a 13-year-old murder victim , as well as those of celebrities . newline_char the paper , which appears on sundays , is accused of improperly intercepting voice mails of everyday people , including a 13-year-old murder victim , as well as those of celebrities .
