ter 10-year rape kit delay , man charged with raping , kidnapping teen in seattle the girl was detained in the defendant 's home for two days and repeatedly raped and beaten , police say darin bolar , pictured here in an october 2009 department of corrections photo , is accused of a raping a 14-year-old girl in 2007 . newline_char darin bolar , pictured here in an october 2009 department of corrections photo , is accused of a raping a 14-year-old girl in 2007 . newline_char photo : department of corrections photo : department of corrections image 1 of / 34 caption close after 10-year rape kit delay , man charged with raping , kidnapping teen in seattle 1 / 34 back to gallery eleven years after the attack , a 52-year-old man was arrested for the kidnapping and repeated rape of a 14-year-old girl he allegedly abducted in the beacon hill neighborhood of south seattle . newline_char the victim 's rape kit , stored among more than 1,000 in a well-known backlog of untested sets of evidence , was finally examined and yielded a dna match for darin bolar in december 2017 . story_separator_special_tag darin bolar is seen in an october 2009 department of corrections photo . newline_char seattle - eleven years after the attack , a 52-year-old man is arrested for the kidnapping and repeated rape of a 14-year-old girl he allegedly abducted in the beacon hill neighborhood of south seattle . newline_char the victim 's rape kit , stored among more than 1,000 in a well-known backlog of untested sets of evidence , was finally examined and yielded a dna match for darin bolar in december 2017 . newline_char then-seattle police chief kathleen o'toole announced an initiative in 2015 to test each of the backlogged kits . newline_char cases had to meet certain criteria to be sent to the state crime lab for testing , but o'toole 's announcement prompted seattle police to send each kit along for examination . newline_char the 14-year-old girl in the seattle case was walking on a street in beacon hill oct.
