photo : screengrab of facebook video ) the woman whose dance moves stole the hearts of so many on social media has lost her battle to cancer . newline_char ana- alecia ayala died wednesday afternoon while at the hospital after her year-long battle with uterine sarcoma . newline_char ana- alecia 's sister tells news 8 she was surrounded by her family , loved ones and family priest at the time of her passing . newline_char " in-patient treatment was rough at first , " ayala said . newline_char we had her birthday party in my hospital room in july , and the nurses came  newline_char ayala , who is a mother of a 3-year-old , told kvue she and her husband were trying for another baby before they found out about her diagnosis . newline_char ayala , who is a mother of a 3-year-old , told kvue she and her husband were trying for another baby before they found out about her diagnosis . newline_char in july however , a new tumor popped up on her spleen , leading doctors to put her through a more aggressive chemo approach . newline_char " in-patient treatment was rough at story_separator_special_tag ( photo : screengrab of facebook video ) dallas , texas - " who says cancer and chemo have to get you down ? newline_char " that 's a question ana-alecia ayala asked and answered by having a dance party in her hospital room . newline_char she posted to instagram and facebook a video of herself and her " chemo buddy , " danielle andrus , putting the " juju on that chemo " as they danced to the song , " juju on that beat . newline_char " in the first 19 hours after the video was posted to facebook , it was viewed about 25,000 times . newline_char ayala , who is a mother of a 3-year-old , told kvue she and her husband were trying for another baby before they found out about her diagnosis . newline_char ayala , who is a mother of a 3-year-old , told kvue she and her husband were trying for another baby before they found out about her diagnosis . newline_char in july however , a new tumor popped up on her spleen , leading doctors to put her through a more aggressive chemo approach . newline_char " in-patient treatment was rough at
