ish parliamentarians passed a groundbreaking law early on thursday allowing limited abortion rights in the republic . newline_char despite threats of excommunication from cardinals and bishops , the privately devout catholic prime minister eventually won the vote after a marathon two-day debate in the dáil . newline_char the legislation which passed through the dáil after 24 hours of tortuous debate will not stop the annual abortion trail from ireland to britain . newline_char the new law also does not include women who were raped , meaning grim traffic across the irish sea for abortions will continue . story_separator_special_tag lawmakers overwhelmingly voted friday to back ireland 's first bill on abortion , legalizing the practice in exceptional cases where doctors deem the woman 's life at risk from her pregnancy , as the predominantly catholic country took its first legislative step away from an outright ban . newline_char anti-abortion protesters holding placards walk through ireland 's capital , dublin , in an anti-abortion protest saturday , july 6 , 2013 . newline_char ( associated press ) thousands of anti-abortion protesters fill dublin 's major thoroughfare , as they march against ireland 's abortion bill saturday , july 6 , 2013 . newline_char ( associated press ) thousands of anti-abortion protesters fill dublin 's major thoroughfare , as they march against ireland 's abortion bill saturday , july 6 , 2013 . newline_char more than 35,000 activists marched to the parliament building ... newline_char more than 35,000 activists marched to the parliament building ... newline_char ( associated press ) anti-abortion campaigners wait outside the irish parliament at leinster house , dublin ahead of a parliamentary vote on abortion . newline_char irish politicians will vote wednesday to pass ... newline_char ( associated press ) exhausted legislators applauded friday 's 127-31 vote , while outside the parliament gates abortion rights activists cheered as they watched the result on their smartphones .
