w the internet reacted to steve bannon 's growing power in the white house close the hashtag # stoppresidentbannon hit the top of twitter 's u.s. trending chart as thousands sought to protest president trump 's chief strategist . newline_char as confusion and anger swirled over president trump 's executive order to restrict people from seven muslim-majority countries from entering the united states , the president signed another order giving chief strategist steve bannon a seat on the national security council . newline_char the # stoppresidentbannon hashtag exploded sunday as users deplored the ex-breitbart news chief 's increased influence in the white house . newline_char bannon — who was considered a controversial choice for chief strategist because of breitbart 's tendency to share views many perceive as racist , sexist and anti-semitic — can now regularly attend meetings that deal with policy issues affecting national security . newline_char what twitter is saying : since when does the breitbart guy know more about national security than the joint chiefs and the cia ? newline_char # stoppresidentbannon — ed turner ( @ papabear7533 ) january 29 , 2017 i would n't trust steve bannon to run the tilt-a-whirl , let alone the country i live in and love . story_separator_special_tag washington ( ap ) — the white house on sunday said the addition of president donald trump 's chief strategist , steve bannon , to regular meetings of the country 's top national security officials was essential to the commander in chief 's decision-making process . newline_char trump took steps saturday to begin restructuring the white house national security council , adding the senior adviser to the principals committee , which includes the secretaries of state and defense . newline_char at the same time , trump said his director of national intelligence and the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff would attend " where issues pertaining to their responsibilities and expertise are to be discussed .
