stice department sues california over impeding immigration enforcement enlarge this image toggle caption charles reed/ap charles reed/ap updated at 9:20 p.m . newline_char et the justice department is suing california and two top state officials , accusing them of interfering with federal immigration efforts by passing and enforcing state laws that hinder u.s. operations against undocumented people . newline_char justice department lawyers argue that california is blocking enforcement efforts by the department of homeland security and imposing other , impermissible obligations on the federal government . newline_char the new federal case represents an escalation of the long-running battle between the trump administration and california , whose democratic governor , jerry brown , and attorney general , xavier becerra , have positioned themselves as ideological opponents to the white house on matters from immigration and climate change to criminal justice . newline_char last year , california lawmakers passed three immigration-related laws that feature prominently in the new lawsuit . newline_char one bars private employers from voluntarily cooperating with federal immigration officials and requires businesses to notify workers in advance of a federal raid . newline_char a second law restricts state and local law enforcement from voluntarily sharing information with the feds about the release dates of undocumented people in their custody . newline_char that law also bars the transfer of undocumented people into federal custody . newline_char the justice department is asking for a preliminary injunction to block those three laws . newline_char to advance their cause , federal lawyers cite a 2012 supreme court dispute , in which the obama administration sued arizona over its punitive law meant to crack down on immigrants there . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag the case will test the power of the trump administration to force california police departments and local governments to cooperate with deportations and other aggressive enforcement actions targeting people who entered the country illegally or overstayed their visas .
