 derek miller/smartasset the number of americans driving to work alone is on the rise , according to data from the u.s. census bureau . newline_char ( see our methodology section for more information on how we created our final ranking . newline_char ) key findings cities on the coasts . newline_char plus , on the east coast in particular , these cities tend to be older , which means they were n't built to handle car traffic . newline_char the number of americans driving to work alone is on the rise , according to data from the u.s. census bureau . newline_char with the increase in drivers comes traffic , which means more time and money spent idling in cars . newline_char with the increase in drivers comes traffic , which means more time and money spent idling in cars . newline_char other cities are equipped with walkable streets and reliable mass transit options , making car ownership less necessary . newline_char other cities are equipped with walkable streets and reliable mass transit options , making car ownership less necessary . newline_char specifically , we looked at hours spent in traffic per year for the average driver , the annual cost of traffic for the average driver , the rate of motor vehicle theft , the number of repair shops and parking garages per driver , the commuter stress index and the non-driving options a resident has for getting around . story_separator_special_tag the number of americans driving to work alone is on the rise , according to data from the u.s. census bureau . newline_char with the increase in drivers comes traffic , which means more time and money spent idling in cars . newline_char with the increase in drivers comes traffic , which means more time and money spent idling in cars . newline_char other cities are equipped with walkable streets and reliable mass transit options , making car ownership less necessary . newline_char other cities are equipped with walkable streets and reliable mass transit options , making car ownership less necessary . newline_char specifically , we looked at hours spent in traffic per year for the average driver , the annual cost of traffic for the average driver , the rate of motor vehicle theft , the number of repair shops and parking garages per driver , the commuter stress index and the non-driving options a resident has for getting around . newline_char to understand where we got our data and how we put it together to create our final ranking , see the data and methodology section below . newline_char plus , on the east coast in particular , these cities tend to be older which
