publican legislation letting states deny federal family planning money to planned parenthood and other abortion providers squeezed narrowly through the senate thursday , rescued by an ailing gop senator who returned to the capitol after back surgery and a tie-breaking vote by vice president mike pence . newline_char the tally had been tied after two gop senators , alaska 's lisa murkowski and maine 's susan collins , joined democrats opposing the measure . newline_char the bill erases a regulation imposed by former president barack obama shortly before he left office that lets states deny family planning funds to organizations only if they are incapable of providing those services . story_separator_special_tag vice president mike pence cast the tie-breaking vote . newline_char ( photo : rick bowmer , ap ) washington — vice president pence cast a tie-breaking senate vote thursday to pass legislation that will allow states to withhold federal funds from planned parenthood and other health care providers that perform abortions . newline_char the measure , which now goes to president trump for his signature , dismisses an obama-era rule banning states from denying federal funds to such organizations . newline_char republicans susan collins of maine and lisa murkowski of alaska broke with their party , voting against the measure . story_separator_special_tag senate republicans were forced to call on vice president pence to pass an antiabortion measure thursday , marking the second time they ’ ve cast a help line to the new administration to move legislation . newline_char pence delivered the tiebreaking vote on a resolution reversing an obama administration rule that prevented states from withholding family-planning dollars from planned parenthood and other clinics that provide abortions . newline_char the measure , a priority for groups that oppose abortion , would give a thumbs-up to tennessee and other conservative states to resume policies blocking planned parenthood clinics from getting federal funding through the title x family-planning program .
