key hawaii lawmaker considering an anti-prostitution bill says he and honolulu police have agreed to get rid of a longtime exemption that allowed officers to have sex with prostitutes . newline_char at a senate hearing last week , lawmakers and members of the public expressed outrage at the exemption after the  newline_char clayton hee , head of the senate judiciary committee , said he and police agreed at a meeting tuesday that the exemption ran contrary to popular opinion . newline_char clayton hee , head of the senate judiciary committee , said he and police agreed at a meeting tuesday that the exemption ran contrary to popular opinion . newline_char honolulu police said during the meeting that they 're ok with making it expressly illegal for officers to have sex with prostitutes , as long as undercover officers can still say they 'll have sex so they can make arrests . newline_char honolulu police said during the meeting that they 're ok with making it expressly illegal for officers to have sex with prostitutes , as long as undercover officers can still say they 'll have sex so they can make arrests . newline_char honolulu police spokeswoman teresa bell told the associated press that officers have never been allowed to have sex with prostitutes under departmental rules , so making it illegal wo n't change how officers operate . newline_char honolulu police spokeswoman teresa bell told the associated press that officers have never been allowed to have sex with prostitutes under departmental rules , so making it illegal wo n't change how officers operate . newline_char at a senate hearing last week , lawmakers and members of the public expressed outrage story_separator_special_tag a key hawaii lawmaker considering an anti-prostitution bill says he and honolulu police have agreed to get rid of a longtime exemption that allowed officers to have sex with prostitutes . newline_char honolulu ( ap ) — a key hawaii lawmaker considering an anti-prostitution bill says he and honolulu police have agreed to get rid of a longtime exemption that allowed officers to have sex with prostitutes . newline_char clayton hee , head of the senate judiciary committee , said he and police agreed at a meeting tuesday that the exemption ran contrary to popular opinion . newline_char clayton hee , head of the senate judiciary committee , said he and police agreed at a meeting tuesday that the exemption ran contrary to popular opinion . newline_char honolulu police said during the meeting that they 're ok with making it expressly illegal for officers to have sex with prostitutes , as long as undercover officers can still say they 'll have sex so they can make arrests . newline_char honolulu police said during the meeting that they 're ok with making it expressly illegal for officers to have sex with prostitutes , as long as undercover officers can still say they 'll have sex so they can make arrests . newline_char honolulu police spokeswoman teresa bell told the associated press that officers have never been allowed to have sex with prostitutes under departmental rules , so making it illegal wo n't change how officers operate . newline_char honolulu police spokeswoman teresa bell told the associated press that officers have never been allowed to have sex with prostitutes under departmental rules , so making it illegal wo n't change how officers operate . newline_char at a senate hearing last week , lawmakers and members of the public expressed outrage
