e comments represented an extraordinary moment in the investigation , which centers in part on the administration ’ s contacts with russian officials : a day after firing the man leading that inquiry , mr. newline_char sean spicer , the white house press secretary , did not dispute the account . newline_char comey had behaved politically and put unnecessary pressure on the president ’ s ability to conduct diplomacy with russia on matters such as syria , ukraine and the islamic state . newline_char “ by grandstanding and politicizing the investigation into russia ’ s actions , james comey created unnecessary pressure on our ability to engage and negotiate with russia , ” mr. story_separator_special_tag the law enforcement investigation into possible coordination between russia and the trump campaign has identified a current white house official as a significant person of interest , showing that the probe is reaching into the highest levels of government , according to people familiar with the matter . newline_char the senior white house adviser under scrutiny by investigators is someone close to the president , according to these people , who would not further identify the official . newline_char the intensity of the probe is expected to accelerate in the coming weeks , the people said . newline_char the sources emphasized that investigators remain keenly interested in people who previously wielded influence in the trump campaign and administration but are no longer part of it , including former national security adviser michael flynn and former campaign chairman paul manafort . newline_char flynn resigned in february after disclosures that he had lied to administration officials about his contacts with russian ambassador sergey kislyak . newline_char current administration officials who have acknowledged contacts with russian officials include president trump ’ s son-in-law , jared kushner , as well as attorney general jeff sessions and secretary of state rex tillerson .
