pple founders adam lowry and neil renninger are plant-food proselytizers who aren ’ t afraid of hard science . newline_char while ripple is their first food-focused venture , both have experience in climate science research and developing sustainable products . newline_char lowry is a former climate scientist from the carnegie institution for science who was a co-founder of the san francisco-based nontoxic , biodegradable cleaning supply company , method products . newline_char , a company that produces renewable alternatives to petroleum-based products . newline_char at ripple , lowry and renninger have developed a method of isolating the natural proteins found in split yellow peas to create a nutritious goo . newline_char this smooth , white , high-protein substance is blended with water , sunflower oil , stabilizers and flavoring to produce a variety of “ milks ” — plain , sweetened , vanilla and chocolate . story_separator_special_tag dive brief : pea-based milk producer ripple could disrupt an already disruptive plant-based dairy industry with new technology and promoting itself as having additional health and sustainability benefits as compared to category leaders like almond and soy milk . newline_char ripple developed a technology the company is currently trying to patent that separates the pea 's health benefits from the flavor and color . newline_char dive insight : one drawback to certain plants is that while they provide desirable health benefits , manufacturers have a difficult time engineering the plant 's flavor and color out of the resulting product . newline_char if ripple 's technology were widely available , manufacturers could use more plant types to add a variety of health benefits and functionality to food and beverage products . newline_char pea-based milk can also lead to other pea-based dairy products , such as yogurt . newline_char with its own high protein content , pea-based milk yogurt could give the greek yogurt industry stiff competition .
