scheduling glitch that allowed american airlines pilots to take vacation at the same time has left thousands of flights during the busy holiday travel period next month without pilots assigned to them . newline_char american airlines , the largest u.s. airline , is now offering pilots 150 percent of hourly pay to work those dates , an airline spokesman said . newline_char the union estimates some 15,000 flights next month do n't have pilots assigned to fly them . story_separator_special_tag snafu puts thousands of american airlines holiday flights in peril close just in time for the holidays , a computer glitch could cause 15,000 american airlines flights to be pilotless . newline_char american says the staffing snafu caused by a glitch in its pilot scheduling system is nearly resolved . newline_char ( more : read the latest update to this story here ) original post : american airlines pilots are warning that as many as 15,000 holiday flights face staffing issues because of a scheduling snafu , which the carrier said has been fixed . newline_char as a result , thousands of flights currently do not have pilots assigned to fly them during the upcoming critical holiday  story_separator_special_tag airline representatives declined to say how many of the carrier 's 15,000 pilots were allowed to take time off for the holiday . story_separator_special_tag as a result , thousands of flights currently do not have pilots assigned to fly them during the upcoming critical holiday  newline_char a scheduling glitch has left american airlines without enough pilots and staff during the busy december travel period , the airline 's pilot union said on wednesday . newline_char the allied pilots association ( apa ) that represents pilots at the country 's largest airline said in a statement that it was notified friday by the carrier of " a failure within the pilot schedule bidding system . newline_char as a result , thousands of flights currently do not have pilots assigned to fly them during the upcoming critical holiday period.
