tory_separator_special_tag california fish market owner buys 70-pound octopus just to set it free an octopus accidentally caught by a crab fisherman in san luis obispo county had an unexpected savior : the owner of a fish market . newline_char giovanni degarimore , owner of giovanni 's fish market , is usually in the business of selling fresh seafood to customers in morro bay . newline_char but this 70-pound , eight-legged creature ( who he later named fred ) had a different fate . newline_char " gio bought [ fred ] from a fisherman yesterday with the sole intention of releasing him back into the wild , " reads a post on the business 's facebook page from earlier this month . story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . newline_char these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . newline_char that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page 's authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web . newline_char that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page 's authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web . story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . newline_char these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . newline_char that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page 's authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web . newline_char that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page 's authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web . story_separator_special_tag 
