king to the warm shallow seas as early as 570 million years ago , these soft and squishy misfits were earth 's earliest complex life . newline_char in recent decades , the debate has swirled around three groups : some researchers proposed fungi , others said protists , still others say animals . story_separator_special_tag image copyright ilya bobrovskiy image caption the affiliations of dickinsonia had previously been unclear scientists have identified the earliest known animal in the geological record . newline_char it 's a 558-million-year-old oval-shaped creature that may have borne a superficial resemblance to a segmented jellyfish . newline_char researchers found specimens of the creature , known as dickinsonia , that were so well preserved they still contained molecules of cholesterol . newline_char this fat is a hallmark of animal life , the team reports in the journal science . newline_char dickinsonia belongs to a group of life forms known as the ediacaran biota . story_separator_special_tag credit : the australian national university ( anu ) scientists from the australian national university ( anu ) and overseas have discovered molecules of fat in an ancient fossil to reveal the earliest confirmed animal in the geological record that lived on earth 558 million years ago . newline_char the strange creature called dickinsonia , which grew up to 1.4 metres in length and was oval shaped with rib-like segments running along its body , was part of the ediacara biota that lived on earth 20 million years prior to the 'cambrian explosion ' of modern animal life . newline_char anu ph.d. scholar ilya bobrovskiy discovered a dickinsonia fossil so well preserved in a remote area near the white sea in the northwest of russia that the tissue still contained molecules of cholesterol , a type of fat that is the hallmark of animal life . newline_char lead senior researcher associate professor jochen brocks said the 'cambrian explosion ' was when complex animals and other macroscopic
