easanton -- two sisters facing charges they endangered infants ' lives by binding them too tightly in swaddling blankets at a livermore preschool are both expecting babies of their own , family members said thursday after a court hearing . newline_char sisters nazila sharaf , 35 , and lida sharaf , 33 , appeared in a pleasanton courtroom thursday afternoon , a day after they were arrested at their homes in dublin and mountain house on felony child abuse charges . newline_char " the sisters were arraigned on three counts of felony child abuse and neglect and four counts of misdemeanor child abuse and neglect , stemming from an investigation by livermore police into their care of infants  story_separator_special_tag two sisters in northern california facing charges that they endangered infants ' lives by binding them too tightly in swaddling blankets have pleaded not guilty . newline_char the oakland tribune ( http : //bit.ly/11t42tt0 ) reports that nazila and lida sharaf entered their pleas monday in alameda county superior court . newline_char they are each charged with three counts of felony child abuse and neglect and four counts of misdemeanor child abuse and neglect . newline_char they are each charged with three counts of felony child abuse and neglect and four counts of misdemeanor child abuse and neglect . story_separator_special_tag universal preschool , formerly known as sunnyside infant and preschool center , in livermore two sisters facing charges that they endangered infants ' lives by binding them too tightly in swaddling blankets have pleaded not guilty in alameda county superior court . newline_char nazila and lida sharaf entered their pleas monday and then were released from custody after posting $ 340,000 bail each . newline_char they are each charged with three counts of felony child abuse and neglect and four counts of misdemeanor child abuse and neglect . newline_char they are each charged with three counts of felony child abuse and neglect and four counts of misdemeanor child abuse and neglect . newline_char they were arrested last week at their homes wednesday in dublin and mountain house after being accused of wrapping infants in swaddling clothes -- a tactic used to lull newborns to sleep , the news source reported -- so tightly that the babies had " trouble breathing .
