series of 'ufologists ' appeared at the be witness meeting last night to reveal images of an extraterrestrial who supposedly crashed to earth during the infamous roswell incident in 1947 . newline_char the images were found by former journalist adam dew , who has taken steps to verify the pair of alien snaps and said kodak experts had dated the film to 1947 . story_separator_special_tag this first-ever image of the earth taken from mars was snapped by the mars exploration rover spirit in 2004 . newline_char this first-ever image of the earth taken from mars was snapped by the mars exploration rover spirit in 2004 . newline_char in 1999 , christopher lloyd starred as the titular alien in director donald petrie 's reboot of the 1960s tv show " my favorite martian , " which was itself  story_separator_special_tag close it 's the conspiracy theory that just wo n't go away : that the u.s. government is , deep in some secret location , keeping the bodies of alien astronauts recovered from the crash of a flying saucer in new mexico in 1947 . newline_char the " roswell incident , " named for the small town near where some wreckage was found - a weather balloon , the u.s. military says ; a ufo , say those who , well , believe it was a ufo - was back in the news this week when two photographs , claimed to  story_separator_special_tag this first-ever image of the earth taken from mars was snapped by the mars exploration rover spirit in 2004 . newline_char this first-ever image of the earth taken from mars was snapped by the mars exploration rover spirit in 2004 . newline_char in 1999 , christopher lloyd starred as the titular alien in director donald petrie 's reboot of the 1960s tv show " my favorite martian , " which was itself  story_separator_special_tag at a conference in mexico city , ufo specialist jamie maussan presented never before seen photos of a purported alien body from the 1947 roswell crash . newline_char ray on kodachrome film , show the remains of an alleged alien found dead in new mexico . newline_char soundbite : ufo specialist jaime maussan , saying ( spanish
