p eyes gains as voters in 11 states pick governors enlarge this image toggle caption jim cole/ap jim cole/ap voters in 11 states will pick their governors tonight , and republicans appear on track to increase their numbers by at least one , with the potential to extend their hold to more than two-thirds of the nation 's top state offices . newline_char eight of the gubernatorial seats up for grabs are now held by democrats ; three are in republican hands . newline_char polls and race analysts suggest that only three of tonight 's contests are considered competitive , all in states where incumbent democratic governors are n't running again : montana , new hampshire and washington . newline_char polls and race analysts suggest that only three of tonight 's contests are considered competitive , all in states where incumbent democratic governors are n't running again : montana , new hampshire and washington . newline_char while those state races remain too close to call , republicans are expected to wrest the north carolina governorship from democratic control , and to easily win gop-held seats in utah , north dakota and indiana . newline_char while those state races remain too close to call , republicans are expected to wrest the north carolina governorship from democratic control , and to easily win gop-held seats in utah , north dakota and indiana . story_separator_special_tag gop eyes gains as voters in 11 states pick governors jim cole / ap i jim cole / ap voters in 11 states will pick their governors tonight , and republicans appear on track to increase their numbers by at least one , and with the potential to extend their hold to more than two-thirds of the nation 's top state offices . newline_char eight of the gubernatorial seats up for grabs today are now held by democrats ; three are in republican hands . newline_char polls and race analysts suggest that only three of tonight 's contests are considered competitive , all in states where incumbent democratic governors are n't running again : montana , new hampshire and washington . newline_char polls and race analysts suggest that only three of tonight 's contests are considered competitive , all in states where incumbent democratic governors are n't running again : montana , new hampshire and washington . newline_char while those state races remain too close to call , republicans are expected to wrest the north carolina governorship from democratic control , and to easily win gop-held seats in utah , north dakota and indiana . newline_char while those state races remain too close to call , republicans are expected to wrest the north carolina governorship from democratic control , and to easily win gop-held seats in utah , north dakota and indiana .
