e man in the hat looked familiar , i thought , as i peered over at him a second time . newline_char the man in the hat looked familiar , i thought , as i peered over at him a second time . newline_char we had just come from gramercy park—on the one night each year when the exclusive park ( accessible only to nearby residents with special keys ) opens its gates to outsiders . newline_char we had just come from gramercy park—on the one night each year when the exclusive park ( accessible only to nearby residents with special keys ) opens its gates to outsiders . newline_char in short , it was a magical night . newline_char in short , it was a magical night . newline_char amid the glow of candles and soft lighting , i strained to look again at the man in the hat . newline_char amid the glow of candles and soft lighting , i strained to look again at the man in the hat . newline_char they were now gathering their belongings , likely vacating what was to be our table . newline_char they were now gathering their belongings , likely vacating what was to be our table . newline_char he looks just like . newline_char he looks just like . newline_char whereas a decade ago i would have turned and fled the restaurant at the prospect of being in the same place as this man , many years of personal-counseling work ( both trauma-specific and spiritual ) had led me to a place where i now embrace opportunities to newline_char whereas a decade ago i would have turned and fled the restaurant at the prospect of being in the same place as this man , many years of personal-counseling work ( both trauma-specific and spiritual ) had led me to a place where i now embrace opportunities to story_separator_special_tag the man in the hat looked familiar , i thought , as i peered over at him a second time . newline_char the man in the hat looked familiar , i thought , as i peered over at him a second time . newline_char we had just come from gramercy park—on the one night each year when the exclusive park ( accessible only to nearby residents with special keys ) opens its gates to outsiders . newline_char we had just come from gramercy park—on the one night each year when the exclusive park ( accessible only to nearby residents with special keys ) opens its gates to outsiders . newline_char in short , it was a magical night . newline_char in short , it was a magical night . newline_char amid the glow of candles and soft lighting , i strained to look again at the man in the hat . newline_char amid the glow of candles and soft lighting , i strained to look again at the man in the hat . newline_char they were now gathering their belongings , likely vacating what was to be our table . newline_char they were now gathering their belongings , likely vacating what was to be our table . newline_char he looks just like . newline_char he looks just like . newline_char whereas a decade ago i would have turned and fled the restaurant at the prospect of being in the same place as this man , many years of personal-counseling work ( both trauma-specific and spiritual ) had led me to a place where i now embrace opportunities to newline_char whereas a decade ago i would have turned and fled the restaurant at the prospect of being in the same place as this man , many years of personal-counseling work ( both trauma-specific and spiritual ) had led me to a place where i now embrace opportunities to
