dated : 5:15 p.m. senate republican leaders have sent letters warning six professional sports leagues not to provide the obama administration any assistance in promoting obamacare . newline_char the letters , dated june 27 , warn the chiefs of the national football league , major league baseball , national basketball association , national hockey league , professional golf association and nascar that partnering with the administration to publicize the benefits of the health care law would damage their reputations . newline_char “ given the divisiveness and persistent unpopularity of this bill , it is difficult to understand why an organization like yours would risk damaging its inclusive and apolitical brand by lending its name to its promotion , ” wrote senate minority leader mitch mcconnell ( r-ky ) and minority whip john cornyn ( r-tx ) . newline_char the letters come days after health and human services secretary kathleen sebelius said she ’ s spoken with the nfl about potentially partnering to let people know the benefits of the affordable care act ahead of the implementation of its major components . newline_char ) the republican senators rattled off a slew of conservative arguments against the law , stressing polls that signal its unpopularity with the public . newline_char and they ’ ve launched investigations into hhs and sebelius for asking health industry groups to help promote the law . newline_char the senators warned the pro sports leagues that joining forces with the administration on an issue like this would be unprecedented . newline_char “ it is difficult for us to remember another occasion when major sports league took public sides in such a highly polarized public debate , ” mcconnell and cornyn wrote . newline_char “ yet given this administration ’ s public request of your assistance in promoting this unpopular law , we felt it important to provide you with a fuller accounting of the facts before you made such a decision. story_separator_special_tag 
