tory_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag president donald trump said the truth would only come out if lawmakers get access to documents they have been thwarted from obtaining . newline_char | chip somodevilla/getty images trump responds to new fbi informant reports president donald trump on saturday appeared to respond to new reports that an fbi informant had reached out to multiple campaign aides during the 2016 presidential campaign . newline_char " if the fbi or doj was infiltrating a campaign for the benefit of another campaign , that is a really big deal , " the president wrote on twitter . newline_char story continued below on friday night , the new york times reported that an unnamed fbi informant talked to two campaign advisers who allegedly had suspicious contacts with individuals linked to russia . newline_char the times did not name the informant but described the person as an " american academic who teaches in britain " and who made contact with trump foreign policy advisers george papadopoulos and carter page . newline_char the alleged informant 's name has been published by conservative media outlets and circulated widely on twitter . newline_char earlier friday , apparently responding to previous conservative media reports , trump had tweeted : " reports are there was indeed at least one fbi representative implanted , for political purposes , into my campaign for president . newline_char if true - all time biggest political scandal ! newline_char trump 's saturday response shifted from alleging an fbi source was " implanted " into the campaign to suggesting the campaign was " infiltrated . newline_char papadopoulos ' april 2016 conversation with an australian diplomat indicating the russians had so-called dirt on democratic nominee hillary clinton reportedly started the fbi investigation that has led to special counsel robert mueller 's probe into whether trump campaign officials colluded with the russian government during a kremlin campaign to meddle in the 2016 election . newline_char trump added that the truth about the alleged fbi informant could only come out with
