ould the campus police at the university of central florida ever need a grenade launcher , one sits waiting in the department ’ s armory . newline_char should the campus police at the university of central florida ever need a grenade launcher , one sits waiting in the department ’ s armory . newline_char repurposed to fire tear-gas canisters , the weapon was used several years ago for training exercises , according to richard beary , the university ’ s chief of police . newline_char repurposed to fire tear-gas canisters , the weapon was used several years ago for training exercises , according to richard beary , the university ’ s chief of police . newline_char at central florida , which has an enrollment of nearly 60,000 and a division i football team , the device was acquired , a police spokeswoman said , for “ security and crowd control. newline_char at central florida , which has an enrollment of nearly 60,000 and a division i football team , the device was acquired , a police spokeswoman said , for “ security and crowd control. newline_char ” but the university ’ s police force isn ’ t the only one to have come upon a grenade launcher . newline_char ” but the university ’ s police force isn ’ t the only one to have come upon a grenade launcher . newline_char ( campus police officers at hinds declined to comment . newline_char ( campus police officers at hinds declined to comment . newline_char a woman who worked for the department but declined to identify herself said that the launcher had been repurposed to shoot flares but that the college no longer possessed it . newline_char a woman who worked for the department but declined to identify herself said that the launcher had been repurposed to shoot flares but that the college no longer possessed it . newline_char campus police departments newline_char campus police departments story_separator_special_tag should the campus police at the university of central florida ever need a grenade launcher , one sits waiting in the department ’ s armory . newline_char should the campus police at the university of central florida ever need a grenade launcher , one sits waiting in the department ’ s armory . newline_char repurposed to fire tear-gas canisters , the weapon was used several years ago for training exercises , according to richard beary , the university ’ s chief of police . newline_char repurposed to fire tear-gas canisters , the weapon was used several years ago for training exercises , according to richard beary , the university ’ s chief of police . newline_char at central florida , which has an enrollment of nearly 60,000 and a division i football team , the device was acquired , a police spokeswoman said , for “ security and crowd control. newline_char at central florida , which has an enrollment of nearly 60,000 and a division i football team , the device was acquired , a police spokeswoman said , for “ security and crowd control. newline_char ” but the university ’ s police force isn ’ t the only one to have come upon a grenade launcher . newline_char ” but the university ’ s police force isn ’ t the only one to have come upon a grenade launcher . newline_char ( campus police officers at hinds declined to comment . newline_char ( campus police officers at hinds declined to comment . newline_char a woman who worked for the department but declined to identify herself said that the launcher had been repurposed to shoot flares but that the college no longer possessed it . newline_char a woman who worked for the department but declined to identify herself said that the launcher had been repurposed to shoot flares but that the college no longer possessed it . newline_char campus police departments newline_char campus police departments
