bonfire set by demonstrators protesting a scheduled speaking appearance by breitbart news editor milo yiannopoulos burns on sproul plaza on the university of california at berkeley campus on wednesday , feb. newline_char the event was canceled out of safety concerns after protesters hurled smoke bombs , broke windows and started a bonfire . newline_char berkeley funding after protests against milo yiannopoulos turn violent president donald trump threatened to withdraw federal funding from the university of california at berkeley over its decision to cancel an event at which breitbart news writer milo yiannopoulos , known for his provocative and often misogynistic stances , was scheduled to speak . story_separator_special_tag president trump donald john trumptrump announces north dakota rally for june 27 kim kardashian on running for office : ‘ never say never ’ state dept . newline_char warns americans of terrorist threat at world cup more early thursday threatened to cut federal funding to the university of california , berkeley after violent protests broke out on its campus wednesday in response to a planned appearance by a far-right commentator . story_separator_special_tag president donald trump at a ceremony at the white house on wednesday for the swearing-in ceremony of rex tillerson as secretary of state . newline_char ap photo/carolyn kaster president donald trump on thursday threatened to pull federal funding from the university of california at berkeley after the campus experienced violent protests over a planned speech from conservative provocateur milo yiannopoulos . newline_char berkeley is the flagship campus of the public university of california system . newline_char uc berkeley received $ 370 million in federal research funding in 2015-2016 , according to the university 's website . newline_char yiannopoulos , an editor at the far-right website breitbart news whom many identify with the alt-right , a white-nationalist movement , was set to appear as part of a book tour .
