 journalists played it straight with movie stars , they ’ d call it an interrogation not an interview . newline_char if journalists played it straight with movie stars , they ’ d call it an interrogation not an interview . newline_char it ’ d be conducted at a police station—some grimy , windowless room at the back , cramped and full of the hot stink of fear and funk . newline_char after bouncing the star off a wall or two , ignoring the pitiful pleas for a phone call , a lawyer , a mommy , the journalist would shine a light in those pretty , pretty eyes , and start grilling . newline_char after bouncing the star off a wall or two , ignoring the pitiful pleas for a phone call , a lawyer , a mommy , the journalist would shine a light in those pretty , pretty eyes , and start grilling . newline_char what did you have to do to get your big break ? newline_char how long do you think you can turn the trick , keep the public interested , huh ? newline_char who are you sleeping with ? newline_char who are you sleeping with ? newline_char who are you sleeping with ? newline_char , maybe i ’ m overstating the case . newline_char i ’ m not , however , mis-stating it . newline_char encounters between movie stars and the journalists who cover them are edgy , deeply . newline_char encounters between movie stars and the journalists who cover them are edgy , deeply . newline_char they are , by their very nature , transactional : the journalist offers the star , usually with a new project or venture to promote , exposure ; the star offers the journalist revelation , a couple of juicy details with which to titillate readers . story_separator_special_tag if journalists played it straight with movie stars , they ’ d call it an interrogation not an interview . newline_char if journalists played it straight with movie stars , they ’ d call it an interrogation not an interview . newline_char it ’ d be conducted at a police station—some grimy , windowless room at the back , cramped and full of the hot stink of fear and funk . newline_char after bouncing the star off a wall or two , ignoring the pitiful pleas for a phone call , a lawyer , a mommy , the journalist would shine a light in those pretty , pretty eyes , and start grilling . newline_char after bouncing the star off a wall or two , ignoring the pitiful pleas for a phone call , a lawyer , a mommy , the journalist would shine a light in those pretty , pretty eyes , and start grilling . newline_char what did you have to do to get your big break ? newline_char how long do you think you can turn the trick , keep the public interested , huh ? newline_char who are you sleeping with ? newline_char who are you sleeping with ? newline_char who are you sleeping with ? newline_char , maybe i ’ m overstating the case . newline_char i ’ m not , however , mis-stating it . newline_char encounters between movie stars and the journalists who cover them are edgy , deeply . newline_char encounters between movie stars and the journalists who cover them are edgy , deeply . newline_char they are , by their very nature , transactional : the journalist offers the star , usually with a new project or venture to promote , exposure ; the star offers the journalist revelation , a couple of juicy details with which to titillate readers .
