ease enable javascript to watch this video bellevue , ohio - three women are under arrest after they assaulted an ohio mcdonald 's employee because she was working too slowly in serving them , police say . newline_char in their booking photos , two of the women appear to be smiling after their arrests . newline_char the assault happened on june 8th at the mcdonald 's in bellevue , ohio . newline_char according to police , the female employee was assaulted in the restaurant parking lot after the women thought she was n't serving them and their children quickly enough . newline_char the women are identified by police as ashley england , mary jordan and sammie whaley . newline_char england was charged with assault , theft and child endangerment . newline_char the child endangerment charges are due to the fact england and jordan had their children present with them and the children also participated in the incident . newline_char jordan was charged with assault and child endangerment . newline_char jordan was charged with assault and child endangerment . newline_char whaley was also charged with assault . story_separator_special_tag england was charged with assault , theft and child endangerment . newline_char mothers smile for mugshot photo after arrest for assaulting " too slow " mcdonald 's worker england was charged with assault , theft and child endangerment . newline_char jordan was charged with assault and child endangerment . newline_char jordan was charged with assault and child endangerment . newline_char england and jordan 's child endangerment charges are due to the fact they had their children present with them and participating in the incident . newline_char whaley was also charged with assault . newline_char the bellevue , ohio police department reported that ashley england , mary jordan , and sammie whaley were arrested on june 8 for assaulting a female mcdonald 's employee in the parking lot " because she was working too slowly when dealing with three woman and their family and friends from sandusky ohio . newline_char read the rest report finds over 125,000 complaints against more than 25,000 chicago police officers an analysis
