w study shows filling a shopping cart with store brands saves an average of 30 percent on groceries yonkers , n.y. newline_char 7 /prnewswire-usnewswire/ -- store brand products can compete with their name-brand counterparts and save shoppers more than a thousand dollars a year on grocery bills , according to a new study from consumer reports . newline_char in 21 head-to-head taste match-ups , national brands won seven times , the store brand came out on top in three instances , and the remainder resulted in ties . newline_char " consumer reports ' price study evaluated five supermarket chains and compared store- and name-brand prices for 30 everyday items at five chains , collecting a total of 283 price quotes . newline_char consumer reports found the average savings with store brands was 30 percent , but shoppers saved as much as 52 percent on some items . newline_char store-brand stigma although the savings are significant , some shoppers are still reluctant to try store-brand products , according to a consumer reports nationally-represented survey . newline_char " the study reaffirms that store brands are worth a try , " said tod marks , senior projects editor for consumer reports . newline_char " the study reaffirms that store brands are worth a try , " said tod marks , senior projects editor for consumer reports . story_separator_special_tag the group had tasters sample 21 different food products and compare national brands with their store-brand equivalents.the results ? newline_char store brands either beat or tied their national-brand counterparts 14 times , with store brands trouncing such iconic household names as campbell 's , tropicana , and oscar mayer.and as consumer reports points out , picking up a few store brands here and there can save big bucks . newline_char the magazine 's survey found that store brands cost an average of 30 percent less than their national-brand equivalents . newline_char " the study reaffirms that store brands are worth a try , " said tod marks , senior projects editor for consumer reports . newline_char " the study reaffirms that store brands are worth a try , " said tod marks , senior projects editor for consumer reports .
