the newspaper that first received the panama papers says it is n't going to release all 11.5 million files it received from a whistleblower to the public or to law enforcement—because it " is n't the extended arm of prosecutors or the tax investigators . " sueddeutsche zeitung has shared files relating to celebrities and politicians , but the german paper does n't believe there 's public interest in exposing all of the individuals and companies involved , the ap reports . the paper says it was contacted by a source at panamanian law firm mossack fonseca who felt a " very strong moral impulse " to expose the tax evasion and money laundering the firm facilitated with its creation of thousands of offshore shell companies . in other coverage : panama 's president juan carlos varela , apparently unhappy with his country 's name appearing in headlines about financial crimes all over the world , has promised to boost transparency and clean up the industry , the bbc reports . he says the country will bring in international experts to recommend changes . the guardian looks at how the scandal has exposed china 's " red nobility " —wealthy families connected to the communist party . prominent figures named in the papers include the brother-in-law of president xi jinping . unsurprisingly , the scandal is not being reported in china , and censors have been trying to scrub every mention of it from social media . the cbc looks at how the wealth revealed in the leak is just a fraction of what an analyst calls " absolutely astonishing , mind-boggling amounts of money " tied up in offshore funds . estimates run as high as $ 31 trillion , or 13 % of global wealth , much of which is being kept in offshore funds to cheat governments out of tax revenue—or to hide the plunder of national resources . the new york times looks at the history of the mossack fonseca firm and its role in panama 's economy . co-founder ramon fonseca had been trying to expand his role in the country 's government , claiming he wanted to improve the nation 's human rights record . at the atlantic , brooke harrington examines the legal issues involved and concludes that the real scandal is n't the law-breaking—it 's that so much of what mossack fonseca did was perfectly legal .
