for decades , conspiracy theorists have claimed the famous " backyard photo " of lee harvey oswald , which shows him holding the same type of rifle used to assassinate jfk , is a fake—a claim that oswald himself made when he was arrested . but thanks to a scientist who has studied this photo before and stated previously it was " highly improbable that anyone could have created such a perfect forgery with the technology available in 1963 , " that claim has now been debunked . a new study out of dartmouth , published in the journal of digital forensics , security , and law , used sophisticated 3d imaging technology to analyze key details of the photo , including oswald 's pose , and found that the photo is indeed authentic , a press release notes . " our detailed analysis of oswald 's pose , the lighting and shadows , and the rifle in his hands refutes the argument of photo tampering , " hany farid , the study 's senior author , says . both the warren commission and a special house committee on assassinations had already found photo tampering had n't taken place , and farid had done studies in 2009 and 2010 that determined the photo 's lighting and shadows were indeed feasible , per phys.org . but some said that oswald 's pose in the photo , in which he appears to be standing somewhat off-balance , was a physical impossibility , so this time around farid and his team put the photo through a rigorous 3d stability analysis . by adding appropriate mass little by little to each section of a 3d model of oswald , they were able to examine oswald 's balance to show he certainly could have stood that way . the study also found , once again , that the lighting , shadows , and rifle length were also plausible . " with a simple adjustment to the height and weight , the 3d human model that we created can be used to forensically analyze the pose , stability , and shadows in any image of people , " farid says in the release . ( the cia has admitted to covering up jfk 's assassination , though . )
