cnn is getting slammed everywhere from twitter to the blogosphere to mainstream media today , thanks to its coverage of the steubenville rape verdict yesterday . after the teen boys were found guilty , anchor candy crowley kicked it to her reporter by saying , " i can not imagine having just watched this on the feed coming in . how emotional that must have been sitting in the courtroom . " correspondent poppy harlow responded , " it was ... incredibly difficult even for an outsider like me to watch what happened as these two young men that had such promising futures , star football players , very good students , literally watched as they believe their life fell apart . " more of the same followed , as crowley , harlow , and legal contributor paul callan continued to focus on the rapists rather than on the victim . washington post has a full transcript . a sample of the reactions : how about calling the boys what they are , suggests laura beck on jezebel . the coverage should have been more along the lines of , " these two young rapists that had such promising futures—star football players , very good students , rapists—literally watched as they believed their lives fell apart because they brutally raped a girl . " " trent mays and ma'lik richmond are not the 'stars ' of the steubenville rape trial , " writes mallory ortberg on gawker . " they are n't the only characters in a drama playing out in eastern ohio . and yet a cnn viewer learning about the steubenville rape verdict is presented with dynamic , sympathetic , complicated male figures , and a nonentity of an anonymous victim . " the huffington post rounds up some of the incensed tweets , and editor kia makarechi calls the coverage " embarrassing and damaging . " other portions of cnn 's coverage were similarly problematic , one activist points out to poynter , such as the fact that the journalists focused on the victim being drunk . and cnn was n't the only network with issues in its coverage , she adds : nightline called the case a " cautionary tale for teenagers living in today 's digital world . " good morning america also got in on the act , the atlantic wire notes . before the conviction , the show offered up " a sprawling preview ... with plenty of attention paid to the 'honors student ' mays and wrong-side-of-the-tracks richmond . the piece ends on a sympathetic note , almost bemoaning the fact that the two teens 'face incarceration in a detention center until their 21st birthdays and the almost-certain demise of their dreams of playing football . ' " the frisky points out that the onion brilliantly parodied this very circumstance back in 2011 .
