geneva talks on syria 's future have been tense—and new us support for rebels is n't helping . on monday , reuters reported secret congressional approval of funding to lightly arm " moderate " syrian rebels through september . an opposition adviser reported an " outburst " by the syrian government 's lead negotiator , bashar al-jaafari , after which the un 's leading mediator called off the day 's discussion , the new york times reports . talks resumed today , the bbc reports . syrian officials say the us is backing terrorists—which the us calls " ludicrous " —and that its support for the rebels conflicts with its diplomatic efforts in switzerland . the times reports yesterday 's afternoon session was axed to give the government time to come up with a transitional blueprint of its own . the bbc adds government reps did share a " declaration of basic principles , " but absent from it was any statement on a political transition . and negotiators have n't even been able to achieve the basic goal of suspending fighting in homs to bring in humanitarian aid . if talks do n't move forward soon , the times notes , western officials may seek help from the un security council , hoping that an image-conscious russia wo n't exercise its veto ahead of the olympics . meanwhile , in syria itself : various rebel groups—including al-qaeda-linked extremists—have gotten hold of the lion 's share of oil and gas supplies , us officials tell the times . extremist groups are actually selling the resources to the government , with some getting electricity or a break from airstrikes as payment , opposition activists say . they 're using the resulting cash to support clashes not just with bashar al-assad 's forces , but with each other . syria is poised to miss a chemical weapons deadline next week , insiders tell reuters . by then , the country is supposed to have sent all such weapons abroad to be destroyed . but so far , just 4.1 % of some 1,300 metric tons of chemical agents have been sent to the relevant port in latakia , the sources say .
