investigators carrying out the grim task of recovering wreckage and human remains from the germanwings crash say they have not found an intact body—or the flight data recorder . to aid the search , an access road is being built to the remote site in the french alps , where forensic teams have so far recovered dna belonging to 78 of the 150 people killed , the guardian reports . investigators say that so far , only the empty protective casing of the black box has been found . in other developments : co-pilot andreas lubitz is believed to have deliberately crashed the plane , but with the failure to find the flight 's second black box , some in the aviation world are saying it is too early to rule out other causes . airbus chairman tom enders slammed tv coverage of the crash in an interview published yesterday , deutsche welle reports . " sometimes people there speculate , fantasize , and lie with no basis in fact , " he said , calling some of the reporting " outrageous nonsense " that was a " mockery of the victims . " the cockpit voice recorder was recovered soon after the crash , and german newspaper bild has published what it says is a leaked transcript . capt . patrick sondenheimer ( also spelled sonderheimer or sondheimer , depending on the source ) can be heard pleading for lubitz to let him back in the cabin , shouting , " open the goddamn door ! " as passengers scream minutes before impact , according to the transcript . a spokeswoman for france 's accident investigation agency tells cnn that investigators are " dismayed " by the leak . over the weekend , there were reports that lubitz suffered from a psychomatic illness that may have been linked to a vision problem . german newspapers , including bild , also reported that lubitz 's girlfriend , a teacher , was pregnant and the couple had planned to marry , according to the independent . in lubitz 's hometown of montabaur , the local lutheran pastor tells the ap that despite mounting evidence that lubitz caused the crash , he was still part of the community and the church is standing by his family . he says lubitz 's mother is a part-time organist for the church and he knew the co-pilot as a teenager . " this does not make sense . it is incomprehensible for me , for us , for everyone who knew her and the family , " he says .
