president trump 's decision to strike a syrian airbase in retaliation for a chemical attack on civilians has bipartisan support—and bipartisan opposition . house speaker paul ryan and sens . john mccain and marco rubio were joined by democrats , including house minority leader nancy pelosi , in voicing their support for what they called an " appropriate " and " proportional " strike , though the democrats added that congress will have to approve any further escalation , politico reports . republicans including sens . rand paul and mike lee , meanwhile , were joined by democrats such as sen. tim kaine in slamming trump for launching the strikes without congressional approval . in other developments : syria says the strike , which involved around 60 tomahawk missiles launched from us destroyers in the mediterranean , killed six people , wounded several others , and caused " significant " damage , the los angeles times reports . a statement from the syrian military denounced the strike as " blatant aggression " that will be a setback to its " counterterrorist " activity . deutsche welle reports that the attack was endorsed by european countries , including the uk , france , and germany , where chancellor angela merkel said that bashar al-assad bears " sole responsibility " for the strike against his regime 's forces . russia 's military says only 23 out of the 59 american missiles reached the shayrat airbase in homs province , the ap reports . the military says the attack destroyed six syrian planes , but left the runway intact . vladimir putin has denounced the strike as american aggression , a spokesman says . the new york times looks at the risks and opportunities the strike has opened up for trump . there 's now an opportunity for the us to demand that russia help get rid of assad—but there 's the risk putin might reject any such deal , that the strike could hurt the fight against isis , and that trump 's team has no real plan for peace in syria . syrian opposition groups welcomed the attack and said they hoped it marked the beginning of a wider campaign against assad . " for syrians , any military intervention that will neutralize assad ’ s ability to continue his genocide will fall on our hearts like music , " a civil defense volunteer in northern syria tells the los angeles times . the guardian reports that a monitoring group says that despite the us strike , a warplane believed to be russian or syrian carried out an airstrike near khan sheikhoun , the town hit by the chemical attack , on friday .
