in an interview with cbs ' 60 minutes on sunday , president-elect donald trump said his first priority will be arresting and deporting undocumented immigrants with criminal records , and he put a number to the effort : " what we are going to do is get the people that are criminal and have criminal records , gang members , drug dealers , where a lot of these people , probably 2 million , it could be even 3 million , we are getting them out of our country or we are going to incarcerate . " how does that number hold up , and what 's the reaction been ? the rundown : washington post 's fact checker and fivethirtyeight find trump comes up short . while a rep for the president-elect called out a department of homeland security report that cited 1.9 million " removable criminal aliens " as of fiscal year 2013 , both point out that phrase also includes lawful permanent residents and those with temporary visas , meaning size of the group trump was referring to is south of that 1.9 million . both also cite the number 820,000—the migration policy institute 's estimate of undocumented immigrants with criminal records . in his first press conference since the election , president obama addressed the topic of young undocumented immigrants and advised trump to " think long and hard " before endangering their status . buzzfeed has more . trump wo n't find an ally among the lapd . " we are not going to work in conjunction with homeland security on deportation efforts , " police chief charlie beck tells the la times , continuing the department 's decades-old stance . los angeles is a " sanctuary city " —meaning ones where police and city workers aren ’ t obligated to turn undocumented immigrants they encounter into the feds , per politico—and it 's not alone . npr reports there are 300 such cities and counties , and under trump 's first 100 days plan they stand to lose federal funding if they do n't change their tune . that did n't scare mayor rahm emmanuel , who on monday emphasized chicago " always will be a sanctuary city . " modern farmer looks into one of the " great ironies in the election " : that rural americans voted for a candidate whose immigration policies could decimate the agricultural workforce .
