a few quotes from chris martin 's new interview with bbc 's radio 1 , airing tonight , are being touted as his first public explanation of his " conscious uncoupling " from gwyneth paltrow ... but we really have no clue what he 's saying . ( e ! , for example , points out that he does n't directly mention gwyneth , but it 's " easy to read between the lines . " ) want to try and decipher it yourself ? here are the relevant lines : " about two years ago i was a mess really because i ca n't enjoy the thing that we are good at and i ca n't enjoy the great things around me because i 'm burdened by this . i 've got to not blame anyone else and make some changes . i wouldn ’ t use the word breakdown , this was more a realization about trying to grow up basically . " " if you ca n't open yourself up , you can ’ t appreciate the wonder inside . so you can be with someone very wonderful , but because of your own issues you can not let that be celebrated in the right way . what changed for me was—i do n't want to go through life being scared of it , being scared of love , being scared of rejection , being scared of failure . up to a certain point in my life i was n't completely vulnerable and it caused some problems . if you don ’ t let love really in then you can ’ t really give it back . " " [ the single 'magic ' is ] about saying this person is really awesome and is magic , and of course certain parts of it have to change because that 's life but not everything has to be black or white or clear cut and that ’ s ok. it ’ s not a question of you either really love someone or you really hate someone , it 's more nuanced than that . " the consensus seems to be that martin is taking the blame . sample headlines : daily mail : " chris martin reveals how his own personal issues contributed to 'conscious uncoupling ' from gwyneth paltrow " new york daily news : " chris martin says he 's to blame for separation from gwyneth paltrow " jezebel : " chris martin says conscious uncoupling from gwyneth was all his fault " popsugar : " chris martin blames his 'own issues ' for gwyneth paltrow split " us : " chris martin on gwyneth paltrow split : my 'own issues ' contributed to end of marriage "
