the death of a muslim teenager in virginia whose body was found in a pond some 12 hours after she and a group of friends got into an altercation with a driver while walking back to a mosque from an ihop is " not " being investigated as a hate crime , per a tweet from fairfax county police on monday . no elaboration was given . but that has n't kept a religious bent out of discussion of and reactions to nabra hassanen 's killing . as the washington post puts it , " the issue was on the minds of many muslims on sunday . " the latest : a police press release on the arrest of darwin martinez torres , 22 , says that as nabra and her friends were walking " they got into a dispute with a man in a car . " torres allegedly exited his car and assaulted nabra . " her friends could not find her and police were called to help . " the washington post talks to nabra 's mother , who says a detective said her daughter was beaten with a metal bat . " i lost my daughter , my first reason for happiness , ” she said sunday night . wusa9 reports police did recover a bat . " what investigators told the father and the mother , he hit her in the head and put her in the car and he threw her in the water , " the richmond times-dispatch quotes a rep for the family as saying . it reports martinez torres directed officers to the pond , which it says is near the apartment he lives in . the post fills in some details on the girls ' movements , reporting that during the final 10 days of the holy month of ramadan , the all dulles area muslim society ( adams ) in sterling , va. , holds extra prayers at midnight and 2am . the mosque is one of the largest in the us , and adams ' co-chair says it is commonplace for members to have a meal at mcdonald ’ s or ihop in advance of the day 's fast , which runs from sunrise to sunset . nabra , a rising high school junior , was not particularly religious and did not usually wear muslim dress , according to her mother , who lent nabra an abaya to wear to the mosque saturday night . she tells the post a detective told her that during the fateful encounter , nabra tripped over the long garment and fell . bustle reports that while this may not be a hate crime , the number of anti-muslim hate groups did spike in 2016 to 101 , about triple the number the southern poverty law center recorded in 2015 . mindy kaling was one of the celebrities to post about nabra ( in this case , before police specified it was not a hate crime investigation ) , writing on facebook , " nabra hassanen , i wo n't forget you and what happened to you . another innocent muslim person targeted for their faith . please read about her if you can . " a crowdfunding campaign for nabra 's family has raised more than $ 178,000 as of this writing .
