the price of bitcoins is skyrocketing at a head-turning rate—they 're currently worth more than $ 200 each , up from $ 90 when we wrote this piece on the phenomenon two weeks ago—which has everyone wondering : is this a bubble ? and should you buy anyway in the likely event that it is ? here 's what people are saying : farhad manjoo at slate gives a first-hand account of the confusing and frankly downright shady process for buying the coins . " you 've got to take several leaps of faith , trusting sites that look like they were put together by teenagers , " he writes . but that 's why he thinks this bubble still has legs . bubbles , he theorizes , take off when mainstream buyers get involved . once better bitcoin sites appear , the masses will arrive , and " prices will begin to get really crazy . " speculators " are just laughing at all the people who are dismissing bitcoin as a bubble , " writes henry blodget at business insider . because the most you can lose on bitcoins is 100 % of your money—and you stand to make much more than 100 % back . like , say , 600 % ( which investors have made in the last six weeks ) . that said , lots of things could obliterate the market , like hacking , or a government crackdown . timothy lee at forbes thinks bitcoins are a bonafide disruptive technology . " the bitcoin economy today looks a lot like the pc market circa 1978 , " he observes . " most people today look at bitcoin and see an impractical curiosity . " but bitcoin is n't a product , it 's a platform , and one with lots of room to grow . but kurt eichenwald at vanity fair is far , far less convinced , calling the system " very cool . but also very foolish . " bitcoins are n't a currency anymore—currencies are based on " a rational expectation of relatively stable valuation , " and bitcoin prices are anything but stable or rational . " in essence , the market is a fantasy , " based on speculators and investors . and when they stop buying , who will replace them ? " my bet ? no one . " it 's worth noting that the price took a really nasty hit today , falling 24 % from its intra-day high of $ 266 .
