the 115th congress will be sworn in at noon tuesday , per wxyz , which anticipates " an aggressive campaign " by republicans to take down eight years ' worth of president obama 's policies . the station adds that democrats are ready to fight back by " swaying public opinion " and using their filibuster in the senate . what else to look for tuesday : both the los angeles times and the boston globe predict an easy re-election of paul ryan as speaker of the house . once ryan retakes the helm , he 'll oversee the oath administration to house members . the vetting process will begin in the senate for some of president-elect trump 's more eyebrow-raising administration picks , including " foreclosure king " steve mnuchin , tapped as treasury chief , and rex tillerson , the exxonmobil ceo with questionable ties to russia in line to be secretary of state . one confirmation expected to sail through : retired gen. james mattis for defense secretary . the biggest hunk on the legislative chopping block : obamacare . but the times notes any immediate moves against the health care law would be " largely symbolic " as the gop scrambles to work out the details and come up with their own alternative—which means a full repeal might not happen until after midterm elections . blocking or pulling back on regulations will be another priority of the congress , per usa today , with a bill expected that would give the gop-controlled congress approval power over any new federal regulations , as well as a " midnight rules act " that would give congress sway to nullify in bulk any rules passed during a president 's final year in office . citizens are nervously watching the outcome for medicare , medicaid , and social security , with minnpost noting that " any movement from the gop " in terms of entitlement reform " could bring some of the messiest politics of 2017 . " also on deck : a major tax revamp , the dismantling of obama-placed environmental regulations , and the nomination of a supreme court justice to replace the late antonin scalia , per the independent . " it 's a big job to actually have responsibility and produce results , " senate majority leader mitch mcconnell said sunday , per the new york times . " and we intend to do it . " not that the republicans ' hold on congress guarantees a unified gop front : the times notes " internal disputes " have resulted in no " clear plan yet for trump 's first 100 days , or an endgame for the two years of the 115th congress . " also complicating matters for the gop : the president-elect 's " often shifting views " on big issues and a " willingness to skirt ideological rigidity . " ( also on the congress itinerary for tuesday : a vote on a proposal to " effectively kill " the office of congressional ethics . )
