it 's being called the cia 's " snowden moment " —and it reveals secrets that paranoid time-travelers from the 1950s would find completely unsurprising , including suggestions that the agency has been spying on people through their tvs . the cia is scrambling to deal with the fallout from wikileaks ' release tuesday of a vast trove of data on the agency 's hacking tools . a former senior intelligence official tells the washington post that the leak , which experts believe is genuine , could " cause grave if not irreparable damage to the ability of our intelligence agencies to conduct our mission . " a roundup of coverage : one hack , code-named weeping angel , allows spies to capture audio and possibly video from samsung smart tvs that appear to be turned off . wired has a guide to telling whether your tv has been hacked . pc world reports that the wikileaks release included snippets of code that antivirus vendors can now use to determine whether hacking attempts originated at the cia . mit technology review describes the leaked information , including news that the cia has found vulnerabilities in ios and android , as " sinister " but not " particularly earth-shattering " from a technological point of view . business insider examines some of wikileaks ' claims and finds that there 's no evidence that the cia was able to crack the encryption of apps like signal and whatsapp . ben wizner , director of the aclu 's speech , privacy , and technology project , tells the new york times he 's disturbed by signs that the government knew about vulnerabilities in electronic devices and kept them quiet to make spying easier . " those vulnerabilities will be exploited not just by our security agencies , but by hackers and governments around the world , " wizner says . " patching security holes immediately , not stockpiling them , is the best way to make everyone 's digital life safer . " forbes spoke to security experts from several companies about the leak . they said the information about the cia 's technological capabilities is unsurprising , but that it should serve as a reminder to people that they can not fully trust the security of their devices . " people need to wake up to the fact that they need to take responsibility for maintaining the privacy of their information and make no assumptions , " says ajay arora , ceo of vera . " at the end of the day , no one has your best interests in mind but you—people ca n't even trust their own government anymore . this is the tragic new normal we have to all unfortunately accept . " companies including google , samsung , and whatsapp declined to comment , the washington post reports . apple released a statement saying the issues disclosed in the leak were patched in a recent update and that they " always urge customers to download the latest ios to make sure they have the most recent security update . " " imagine a world where the actual cia spends its time figuring out how to spy on you through your tv . that 's today , " tweeted edward snowden , though he added that while it may not feel like it , end-to-end encryption has actually made computer security a lot better than it used to be .
