should sending your kid to play alone at a local park land you in jail ? because that 's what happened to debra harrell . the 46-year-old south carolina mom repeatedly sent her 9-year-old daughter to a well-trafficked park while she went to work at mcdonald 's . when the parents of other children at the park found out , they called police , who arrested harrell and charged her with unlawful conduct toward a child . the daughter has been placed in state custody . local news outlets first reported the story on july 1 , but it 's been getting wider attention lately thanks to an indignant post on reason from " free range kids " advocate lenore skenazy . and so far , pretty much everyone agrees that the arrest is senseless and wrong . some reactions : skenazy notes that the original news reports make it sound like harrell " committed a serious , unconscionable crime , " as locals speculate that the girl could have been kidnapped . " to which i must ask : in broad daylight ? in a crowded park ? just because something happened on law & order does n't mean it 's happening all the time in real life . " " since i 'm a parent , harrell ’ s arrest scares me : how can i appropriately parent my child when doing something that seems relatively safe , if out of fashion , can get you arrested ? " asks jessica grose at slate . one law professor tells grose that the statutes for child welfare laws are often broadly written , giving police lots of latitude—and allowing " race , class , and gender biases to influence decisions . " that could be the case here , because harrell is black , and her poverty helped cause the situation . " the story is a convergence of helicopter parenting with america ’ s primitive family policy , " writes jonathan chait at new york . " our welfare policy is designed to make everybody , even single mothers , work full-time jobs . the social safety net makes it difficult for low-wage single mothers to obtain adequate child care . and society is seized by bizarre fears that children are routinely snatched up by strangers in public places , " which is actually an exceedingly rare phenomenon . " the state has caused the child far more trauma than she was ever likely to suffer in the park , " writes conor friedersdorf at the atlantic , and they 're taking the child at a time when the state has a shortage of foster families . and there 's no empirical evidence saying the child would be safer , say , sitting at mcdonald 's . " the actual safety of a given kid is not being rigorously determined . state employees are drawing on their prejudices to make somewhat arbitrary judgment calls . "
