relations between eric holder and house republicans have been testy for a while , but the attorney general made the case yesterday during a civil-rights speech that he 's being treated worse than any of his predecessors . in the speech to al sharpton 's national action network , mediaite reports that holder went off script with these lines : “ the last five years have been defined by significant strides and by lasting reforms even in the face , even in the face of unprecedented , unwarranted , ugly and divisive adversity . if you don ’ t believe that , you look at the way—forget about me , forget about me . you look at the way the attorney general of the united states was treated yesterday by a house committee—has nothing to do with me , forget that . what attorney general has ever had to deal with that kind of treatment ? what president has ever had to deal with that kind of treatment ? ” holder was apparently referring to a heated exchange he had with republican louie gohmert of texas as he testified before the house judiciary committee . real clear politics has the transcript : gohmert : “ i realize that contempt is not a big deal to our attorney general . but it is important that we have proper oversight ... " holder : “ you don ’ t want to go there , buddy . you don ’ t want to go there , ok ? ” gohmert : “ i don ’ t want to go there ? ... about the contempt ? ” holder : " no . you should not assume that that is not a big deal to me . i think it was inappropriate . i think it was unjust . but never think that that was not a big deal to me . don ’ t ever think that. ” the washington post notes that holder also muttered , " good luck with your asparagus " to gohmert , a reference to yet another nasty exchange between the two last year . back then , an annoyed gohmert apparently misspoke , asserting that " the attorney general will not cast aspersions on my asparagus. ” gohmert was n't holder 's only critic at yesterday 's hearing . rep. blake farenthold said he would ask no questions because holder should " be in jail . " gohmert , for his part , tells fox news that he has no personal enmity toward holder , reports politico . " it ’ s a matter of proper oversight and … i don ’ t think he ’ s doing his job . "
