and then there were 14 ... on the gop side only , a presidential field that nj.com reports was last this big when abraham lincoln won in 1860 . chris christie today threw his hat into the ring by way of an announcement made at livingston high school , his alma mater and the town where " everything started ... for me . " politico reported that christie 's announcement would be made telepromter-free , as befitting his " telling it like it is " campaign slogan . he kicked things off with stories of his roots—hard work , not much money—and what his mother told him : " god 's given you so many gifts . if you just work hard enough , you can be anything . " ten standout lines from there : " both parties have failed our country . " " i wake up every morning knowing i have the opportunity to do something great . that 's why this job is a great job , and why president of the united states is an even greater job . " " america is tired of weakness in the oval office ... and that is why today i 'm proud to announce my candidacy . " " the lying and stealing has already happened . the horse is out of the barn . we 've got to get it back in and you can only do it by force . " " after seven years i heard the president say the other day that the world respects " america more " because of his leadership . this is confirmation that obama lives in his own world , not ours . " " we better not turn [ this world ] over to his second mate hillary clinton . " " i am not running for president of the united states as a surrogate for being prom king of america . i mean what i say and i say what i mean and that 's what america needs right now . " " and unlike some people who will offer themselves for the presidency , you 're not going to have to wonder if i can do it or not . " he promised a campaign " without focus-group-tested answers . a campaign when i 'm asked a question i 'm going to give an answer to the question that 's asked , not the answer my political consultants told me to give backstage . " " we are going to tell it like it is today ... the truth will set us free , everybody . "
