there was no shortage of memorable moments at the 74th annual golden globes , from ryan gosling thanking his partner , eva mendes , for handling their family life at home while he was filming his movie la la land , to meryl streep revealing how one recent moment ( a moment related to president-elect donald trump ) " kind of broke my heart . " some other notable quotes and happenings at the globes : streep was n't the only one to call attention to no . 45 . hugh laurie also jumped on the anti-trump allusion train , hinting that this may be the last golden globes show because of the new administration 's distrust of celebrities and noting he was accepting his best supporting actor award for the night manager " on behalf of psychopathic billionaires everywhere , " the hill reports . fallon himself noted , per mediaite , that " many people [ had been ] wondering what it would be like if king joffrey [ from game of thrones ] had lived . well , in 12 days we 're gon na find out . " he also announced the night 's votes had been tabulated by the " accounting firm of ernst , young , and putin " and told the crowd that the globes are " one of the few places left where america still honors the popular vote , " people reports . the night 's host could n't resist a callback to the show 's opening teleprompter issues , incorporating the ongoing mariah carey new year 's eve saga to make his point . " i just got off the phone with mariah carey and she thinks that dick clark productions sabotaged my monologue , " he said , per us weekly . the new york daily news recaps some of fallon 's other zingers . amy schumer and goldie hawn appeared as the " golden globes comedy duo we never knew we needed , " per e ! online , to present the award for best performance by an actor in a motion picture , musical , or comedy . hawn turned on the loopiness while schumer played the straight one , with goldie using the word " mystical " instead of " musical " and announcing the " nominees of the five most tainted men " instead of the five most " talented " ones . " kurt , do you have her glasses ? " schumer asked hawn 's partner , kurt russell , who was sitting in the audience . two other comedians also made an impact at the awards show , but their turn was more of the " hilariously dark " version , per people . steve carell and kristen wiig presented the award for best animated feature , but not before they revealed the first animated movies they had seen as kids . " as we were leaving the theater , there standing in the lobby was my mom—and that was the moment that she told my dad that she wanted a divorce , " carell said of his ( supposed ) fantasia experience . " march 14 , 1981 : it was the same day we had to put our dogs down , " wiig recalled of her first alleged viewing of bambi . billboard , entertainment weekly , and today.com offer their own takes on the best and worst moments of the show . ( there was also a pretty hot kiss between ryan reynolds and andrew garfield . )
