" bob dylan " was one of the top twitter trends thursday thanks to the troubadour taking home the nobel prize for literature . but while most of social media is beaming at his newest honor , scottish author irvine welsh , who wrote the novel trainspotting , is n't terribly pleased , the ap reports . welsh spent much of thursday morning on twitter retweeting posts that trashed dylan 's win , and tweeting : " i 'm a dylan fan , but this is an ill conceived nostalgia award wrenched from the rancid prostates of senile , gibbering hippies . " his main beef appears to be the separation of a metaphorical church and state—in this case , songs and lit—that he thinks should exist , adding , " if you 're a 'music ' fan , look it up in the dictionary . then 'literature ' . then compare and contrast . " other takes on dylan 's new laureate status : the wall street journal lists feedback from major authors , from the gushing—salman rushdie writes on twitter , " from orpheus to faiz , song & poetry have been closely linked . dylan is the brilliant inheritor of the bardic tradition . great choice " —to the eyerolling , including satirical writer gary shteyngart 's take : " i totally get the nobel committee . reading books is hard . " jay perini gives a thumbs-up at cnn , noting how dylan 's songs " speak to our deepest concerns " and how he 's " filled our heads with language that both interprets and transforms the realities we confront . " at the guardian , richard williams looks at whether music and literature can actually be successfully linked ( in terms of a nobel prize ) , and he breaks it down line by line to show the " profound resonance " of dylan 's lyrics . robert chalmers makes the slightly uncomfortable observation for gq that " everything would be so much more simple if he were dead , " as dylan would have ascended to legendary status . but chalmers still jumps on the pro-dylan bandwagon , noting , " his voice may , like the havana cigars and bourbon to which it is often lazily compared , be an acquired taste , but dylan is responsible , as much as billie holiday , for reinventing the whole style of popular singing . " meanwhile , a naysayer singing the black " eating crow " blues : alex shephard , who wrote last week for the new republic that " bob dylan 100 percent is not going to win . stop saying bob dylan should win the nobel prize . "
