former acting attorney general sally yates on monday testified before a senate subcommittee looking into the trump campaign 's alleged ties to russia , and analysts say she provided some key information about the departure of national security adviser michael flynn—and raised some new questions for the white house . a roundup of coverage : the new york times lists six takeaways from the hearing . chief among them : a lot of people , including barack obama and chris christie as well as yates , had reservations about flynn becoming national security adviser . " to state the obvious : you don ’ t want your national security adviser compromised with the russians , " yates said in the hearing 's most-quoted line . she said she warned that flynn could be open to blackmail because he had lied about his contacts with the russian ambassador . politico lists several key moments from the hearing , including yates ' and former director of national intelligence james clapper 's denial that they were ever anonymous sources for news reports about trump campaign ties to russia . another was when yates disclosed that she had to learn about trump 's travel ban from media reports . another takeaway : some republicans , including ted cruz , are still focusing on hillary clinton 's emails , with cruz asking clapper a hypothetical question about email forwarding that the times calls a " thinly veiled " reference to huma adebin and anthony weiner . the washington post notes that the hearing did n't explain why the white house waited 18 days to fire flynn after learning that he had lied to the administration , and it is unclear what administration officials did with the information yates gave them before she was fired for not defending trump 's travel ban . trump attacked the testimony in a series of tweets , which cnn considers a sign that yates may have " put another dent in the administration 's defenses . " " sally yates made the fake media extremely unhappy today , " he tweeted . " she said nothing but old news ! " the hill notes that there was no " smoking gun " from the hearing that is expected to damage trump . his most controversial moment of the day was a tweet saying people should " ask sally yates , under oath , if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to w.h . counsel , " which some trump critics called witness intimidation . the guardian reports that social media poked fun at trump after his twitter header banner was briefly altered to include one of his own tweets : " director clapper reiterated what everybody , including the fake media already knows- there is 'no evidence ' of collusion w/ russia and trump . "
