donald trump is softening his rhetoric on pope francis after blasting the leader of the catholic church for suggesting the billionaire businessman 's plan to build a wall along the us-mexico border made him " not christian . " trump said during a town hall event on cnn that he now believes the pope 's remarks were " probably a little bit nicer " than first reported . trump said he believes the pope has only heard one side of the story , as told by the mexican government , and is n't aware of the problems trump claims are caused by a porous border . trump also said he has great respect for pope francis . still , he could n't help but offer a dig , noting that , " he 's got an awfully big wall at the vatican . " during the university of south carolina town hall , trump , who has long claimed to have opposed the invasion of iraq , was also asked about buzzfeed 's unearthing of a 2002 interview in which howard stern asked him whether he supported the invasion . " yeah , i guess so , " he responded at the time , according to the audio . " i wish the first time in was done correctly . " at the town hall , he told anderson cooper he did n't remember the conversation , but he said , " i mean , i could have said that . ... it was probably the first time anybody asked me that question , " adding that his opposition was early , " even if it was a little bit after the war . " more from the town hall : trump said that if he 's elected to the white house , he plans to send cease-and-desist letters or similar threats to countries he believes are giving the us raw deals . he said he would send letters " to china to stop ripping us off . i would be sending them to other countries to stop ripping us off . i 'd send them to mexico . " john kasich described how his life had been shaped by the day his parents were killed by a drunk driver . " they were at the burger king because they got the second cup of coffee for free . that 's the way the mailman and mrs. kasich lived , " he said . " i went into a black hole " after they died in 1987 , he added , but he recovered and soon found god . jeb bush insisted that he still has momentum " if you look at the polls and if you look at the crowd sizes of our town hall meetings , " and he said the endorsement from sen. lindsey graham signals that he 's ready to serve from day 1 as " commander in chief and as leader of the free world . "
