former fox news host megyn kelly made her debut monday as a morning-tv host , declaring that she 's " kind of done with politics for now " and instead focusing on more lighthearted fare , reports variety . ( see video here . ) kelly is hosting the 9am slot of the today show on nbc , and monday 's show included the cast of the rebooted will & grace and a feature on a nun fighting gun violence in chicago . so how did show no . 1 go ? a sampling of reviews : warm and fuzzy : episode no . 1 " felt like something of a coming-out party for the new , warmer kelly , " writes jeremy barr at the hollywood reporter . especially when her husband emerged to give her flowers . kelly also spoke emotionally about the death of her father when she was a teenager , notes people . better balance ? at usa today , kelly lawler writes that the episode was a " bit awkward " as kelly , who displayed " some stiffness " at times , transitioned into her new role . " there 's a difference between choosing to focus on lifestyle and entertainment over political news , and ignoring the fact that politics exist in everyday issues , " she writes . " megyn kelly today would do well to strike a better balance . " questionable strategy : brian lowry at cnn also found the debut a little awkward . he cautions that it 's too early to draw conclusions , but writes that it seems nbc landed kelly without a clear sense of how to make use of her talents . what 's more , " it 's at best questionable to introduce a show that so consciously seeks to create space between itself and serious news at a moment when there 's such an abundance of it . " harsh take : at the washington post , hank steuver delivers a particularly negative review . " the debut was like watching a network try to assemble its own bride of frankenstein , using parts of ellen degeneres , kelly ripa and whatever else it can find , " he writes . kelly " moved stiffly " and " interviewed people nervously and so awkwardly that they were cowed into giving monosyllabic answers . she also never missed an opportunity to talk about herself . " ouch .
