james foley 's catholic parents received a call from pope francis himself yesterday to console them on the gruesome death of their son . the pontiff was " very compassionate , very loving , " and spoke to the new hampshire couple through a translator for around 20 minutes , a family friend tells the new york daily news . meanwhile , foley 's former employer , globalpost , has released the full text of the last email sent to foley 's parents by his captors , with the family 's permission . " you and your citizens will pay the price of your bombings ! " the aug. 12 message declares , addressing both his parents and the us government . " now you return to bomb the muslims of iraq once again , this time resorting to arial ( sic ) attacks and 'proxy armies , ' all the while cowardly shying away from a face-to-face confrontation ! " it alleges that the us passed up chances to pay a ransom or swap prisoners , and ends by saying that foley will be executed " as a direct result of your transgressions towards us ! " read it in full here . in other developments : other foreigners held alongside foley says isis militants , including british-accented executioner " john the jihadi , " treated the captured journalist more harshly than other captives , the washington post reports . " he was some kind of scapegoat , " a captured french journalist who 's since been released tells the bbc . " and the kidnappers knew that his brother was in the us air force . he became the whipping-boy of the jailers . " he says militants performed mock executions on foley , and he witnessed them force him to " pose as if he was being crucified against a wall . " the militants have threatened to execute captive us journalist steven sotloff next , but he is just one of up to 20 westerners believed to be isis captives , reports the telegraph . they are believed to include vanessa marzullo , 21 , and greta ramelli , 20 , two italian aid workers who vanished in syria earlier this month , as well as three red cross workers seized last fall . senior pentagon officials describe isis as a group with an " apocalyptic , end-of-days strategic vision which will eventually have to be defeated " —but they warn that fighting the group effectively will have to involve strikes on syria . senior british officials say the country 's military is likely to end up joining any american military action against the group , the guardian reports .
