the fallout from friday night 's " bombshell " report from the cia that russian hackers directly interfered with the us election in order to get donald trump elected continued saturday . here are seven things you need to know : with trump criticizing the cia—rather than russia—in the wake of the report , the new york times reports he 's opening an " extraordinary breach " between himself and the national security establishment he 's bound to need during his presidency . while mostly at a loss , michael tomasky at the daily beast has a few pieces of advice for what democrats should do next : " demand the release of the information . demand a real investigation ... the media needs to get the message that conservatives aren ’ t the only people who get pissed off . " in a " no-win situation for the gop , " some republicans in congress want to investigate russia 's involvement in the election against trump 's wishes . the washington post has four ways they could take on russia , with or without the president-elect . harry reid is calling for the resignation of fbi director james comey , who he compares to j. edgar hoover and accuses of covering up information about russia 's activities to get trump elected , the guardian reports . pamela kruger at fortune points out that trump did saturday what he normally does when faced with a major negative story : spend the morning tweeting about something completely unrelated ; celebrity apprentice , in this case . worried trump will ignore russian threats to us democracy when he takes office , quartz reports president obama is " racing against the clock " to get a full report on russia 's involvement in us affairs before he steps down in six weeks . meanwhile , john mccain says the close relationship between exxon ceo rex tillerson—trump 's likely secretary of state—and vladimir putin " a matter of concern , " the hill reports . with democrats needing only three gop senators to vote against tillerson , a mccain aide says a confirmation is unlikely . " putin is a thug , bully , and a murderer , and anybody else who describes him as anything else is lying , " mccain says .
