the islamic state may have claimed responsibility for wednesday 's twin terror attacks in tehran that killed 12 , but iran has a different culprit in mind : regional rival saudi arabia . " this terrorist attack happened only a week after the meeting between the us president and the ( saudi ) backward leaders who support terrorists , " says a statement from iran 's revolutionary guards , per reuters . it acknowledges that isis was " involved , " however , thus insinuating a link between isis and the saudis , notes new york . a look at coverage : potent symbols : the attackers hit not only the parliament building in tehran but the mausoleum with the tomb of founder ayatollah ruhollah khomeini— " the two most potent symbols of the 1979 revolution , " writes simon tisdall at the guardian . for iranians , this is " deeply shocking , " the equivalent of someone attacking the lincoln memorial in the us . the attacks : details on how the coordinated attacks unfolded are at the new york times . a first : assuming the isis claim is legit , this would be the first isis attack in iran , but the militant group has wanted to strike there for years , explains a q & a at pri . isis is sunni , while iran is a shia nation , and it 's no small distinction : isis views shiites as apostates . the backdrop : the new york times notes the attacks come not only after trump 's trip ( seen as emboldening the saudis ) but after the saudi move to isolate qatar , which it accuses of supporting terrorism and iran . it all relates to the main issue : " iran and saudi arabia are the leading nations on opposing sides of the middle east split between shiite and sunni islam . " morale boost : given isis retreats in iraq and syria , the successful strikes in iran will clearly be a big morale boost to the group , per an analysis at the bbc . as they lose their strongholds in those countries , they want followers to launch attacks elsewhere , and no target is bigger than iran . trump response : it was notably mixed . " we grieve and pray for the innocent victims of the terrorist attacks in iran , and for the iranian people , who are going through such challenging times , " he said in a statement . but then added : " we underscore that states that sponsor terrorism risk falling victim to the evil they promote . " the us does indeed consider iran a state sponsor of terrorism , notes business insider . ominous threat : just hours before the attacks , the saudi foreign minister had said iran should be punished for supporting groups such as al-qaeda , per al arabiya english .
