tim geithner today summed up mitt romney 's contention that women had lost the majority of jobs in the recession : " ridiculous , " the treasury secretary told this week . " it ’ s a political moment . you ’ re going to see a a lot of politicians choose to campaign in fiction , but we have to campaign in fact . " pressed further , geithner said the statement had " been largely debunked . " " the crisis was a very damaging crisis , hurt everybody , and a lot of the early job losses in 2008 affected men because they affected construction and manufacturing . " more from your sunday morning dial , as per politico : darrell issa on the secret service prostitution scandal : “ the investigation will not be about the 11 to 20 or more involved , it will be about how has this happened , and how often . things like this don ’ t happen once. ” and furthermore : " what happens if somebody six months ago [ or ] six years ago became the victim of their own misconduct and is now being blackmailed ? is the whole organization in need of some soul searching , some changes before the president , the vice president , members of the cabinet are in danger ? ” john mccain on syria : “ for the united states to sit by and watch this wanton massacre is a betrayal of everything we stand for and we believe in . " the us needs to " lead for a change . not lead from behind , but lead from in front . we need to get a sanctuary for the free syrian army , we need to get them supplies , we need to get them weapons . it ’ s not a fair fight. ” reince priebus on the buffett rule : it 's " one single tiny alteration " that amounts to nothing more than " a shiny little object . if you add up every dollar of revenue that this little rule will put into place , it would add up to paying for 11 hours of the federal government . " michele bachmann on hilary rosen 's comments : " i thought it was shocking and insulting . i think women are going to be very upset . " bachmann on romney : " i 'm very seriously looking " at endorsing him . " i want to unite our party . "
