the tropical storm formerly known as hurricane harvey is continuing to cause massive flooding in texas , and analysts say the state 's oil and gas industry has been hit very hard . almost a third of us refining capacity is in the affected coastal areas , and experts say closures due to flooding could pinch the gas supply , sending prices up as much as 25 cents a gallon . " this is the dominoes starting to fall , " a gasbuddy petroleum analyst tells the ap . " this is sort of slowly turning out to be the worst-case scenario . " in other developments : dams opened . the us army corps of engineers opened the addicks and barker flood-control dams on the western outskirts of houston overnight in a controlled release to prevent uncontrollable flooding of downtown houston , khou reports . thousands of nearby residents were advised to pack their bags overnight and leave their homes monday morning . evacuations . a series of voluntary and mandatory evacuation orders were issued in the houston region sunday night as several more inches of rain fell on the area , reports the houston chronicle . officials warn that possible structural damage , including bridge collapses and levee overflows , could leave residents trapped by the storm . the storm is expected to keep dumping rain on the area for days , bringing the total to over 50 inches in some areas . national guard . texas gov . greg abbott announced sunday night that 1,000 more national guard troops are being activated to deal with flooding in houston , cnn reports . the governor plans to tour hard-hit coastal counties monday with sen. john cornyn . " most devastating . " the floods , described as " catastrophic and life-threatening " by the national weather service , are the worst on record and are set to get even worse in the days to come . " what we 're seeing is the most devastating flood event in houston 's recorded history , " a meteorologist tells reuters . the storm has already caused at least five deaths . stalled . in a 4am cdt update , the national hurricane center said the storm is now centered 120 miles southwest of houston and is moving southeast at just 3mph , leaving it " virtually stalled " near the coast , the ap reports . " we 'll get through . " houston police chief art acevedo , whose force used motorboats and airboats to rescue at least 2,000 people sunday , urged texans to stay strong , reports the new york times . " it 's sad , " he said . " it breaks your heart for our city and our state . but it 's texas . we 'll get through . "
