a long-awaited report on allegations of bullying in the nfl is in , and the main headline-grabbing point is that richie incognito ( and others ) did indeed harass miami dolphins teammate jonathan martin ( and others ) , reports the miami herald . but the report by attorney ted wells also gets a little squishy on the subject . for instance , it concludes that incognito did n't intend to cause " lasting emotional injury " or drive martin to quit the team—martin left in october over the abuse , but remains under contract—and it cites a range of factors that make this case unique . some of the highlights : 'was indeed harassed ' : " to be candid , we struggled with how to evaluate martin 's claims of harassment given his mental health issues , his possible heightened sensitivity to insults and his unusual , 'bipolar ' friendship with incognito . nonetheless , we ultimately concluded that martin was indeed harassed by incognito , who can fairly be described as the main instigator , and by ( teammates john ) jerry and ( mike ) pouncey , who tended to follow incognito 's lead . " other victims : incognito , pouncey , and jerry also repeatedly harassed a member of the team 's athletic training staff and another unnamed lineman , reports usa today . calls for new guidelines : " as all must surely recognize , the nfl is not an ordinary workplace . professional football is a rough , contact sport played by men of exceptional size , speed , strength , and athleticism . but even the largest , strongest , and fleetest person may be driven to despair by bullying , taunting , and constant insults . " the report encouraged new " workplace conduct rules " for the league . 'breaking jmart ' : one of the more damning points cited against incognito is that he fined himself $ 200 for " breaking jmart " in a notebook kept by the team 's offensive linemen , reports cbs sports . when the story broke , he asked teammates to destroy the notebook , but that did n't happen . coaches did n't know : the report says coach joe philbin and staff were unaware of the abuse . it also says that " incognito and his teammates may not have been clearly notified that they were crossing lines that would be enforced by the team with serious sanctions . " read the full report here . the nfl and the dolphins say they 'll respond after a thorough review .
