ariel castro has been sentenced to life without parole for kidnapping and other charges related to the three women he held captive in his home for 10 years , the ap reports . castro spoke at his sentencing hearing today , insisting that " these people are trying to paint me as a monster and i 'm not a monster . i 'm sick , " cnn reports . " i believe i am addicted to porn to the point that it makes me impulsive and i lost it . " he also described himself as " a happy person , " a " very emotional person , " and said he 's " not trying to make excuses . " ( click for the heartbreaking testimony of michelle knight , one of the victims . ) more of the testimony coming out , per the ap : a letter left behind by castro and found in his house read , " i 'm a sexual predator , " an fbi agent testified . it was titled " confession and details . " a cleveland police officer says two of the women rescued from castro 's house jumped into her arms , crying " save us , save us ! " and that one of the victims was reluctant to leave her room at first while another had difficulty breathing . a cleveland police detective said all three women were abducted after castro offered them a ride and that each was chained in his basement and sexually assaulted within a few hours of being kidnapped . the fbi agent testified that castro created a makeshift alarm system and removed doorknobs , among other things , to turn his house into a prison . he also testified that castro would occasionally pay his victims after raping them , but he then would require them to pay him if they wanted something special from the store . in a court filing , the cuyahoga county prosecutor said castro chained his captives by their ankles , fed them only one meal a day , and provided plastic toilets in their bedrooms that were infrequently emptied . at one point , he locked all of them in a vehicle in his garage for three days while he had a visitor , according to the filing . details also came out of how castro used his own children to lure the victims into his car and home .
