tivists opposed to china ’ s territorial claims in the south china sea marched on the chinese embassy in manila friday , further escalating the two countries ’ territorial dispute . newline_char the standoff escalated in april when china sent two maritime surveillance ships to prevent the philippines from arresting chinese fishermen off huangyan island . newline_char tensions in the region escalated on april 10 when the philippines accused chinese vessels of illegally fishing in philippine territory . newline_char meanwhile civic groups in the philippines say they are planning more protests outside of chinese missions in new york , singapore and rome . newline_char hundreds of protesters marched in front of the chinese embassy - many carrying placards that read : “ china back off. newline_char hong said china pays great attention to the safety of chinese nationals in the philippines and has demanded the philippines take effective measures to earnestly protect the safety of chinese nationals and institutions in the philippines . story_separator_special_tag footage aired by chinese broadcaster dragon tv showed zhang fan hoisting the flag during his report from huangyan island as he explained the history of the long-standing territorial dispute between china and the philippines . newline_char territorial rivalry has escalated over the small rocky outpost during the last month as the philippines have attempted to scale back an expanding chinese presence in the potentially oil-rich south china sea . newline_char about 400 activists marched to the chinese embassy in manila on friday to protest against what they call chinese encroachment on the disputed shoal . newline_char both countries claim the scarborough shoal , which is known as panatag shoal to filipinos or huangyan island to the chinese . newline_char after china warned its philippine-based citizens to " stay indoors " earlier this week as tensions mounted , emman hizon , spokesperson of the filipino protesters , said the demonstrations should not alarm chinese residents .
