icago loop synagogue vandalized with swastikas a hate crime investigation is underway after the front window of the chicago loop synagogue was smashed by a vandal who affixed swastikas to its front entrance early saturday . newline_char , according to chicago police . story_separator_special_tag story highlights chicago police say a synagogue was vandalized a rice university statue was defaced , and new york subway riders encountered hateful graffiti ( cnn ) police are investigating a flurry of swastika vandalism over the weekend in three major us cities . newline_char chicago police release pictures of smashed synagogue window and hate crime stickers the man is wearing dark clothing and a dark head mask , police said . newline_char chicago police released a surveillance video saturday that shows a man smashing the front window of a synagogue and placing swastikas on the front door . newline_char in the video , the suspect pulls up to the synagogue curb in a dark-colored suv just after midnight , places the stickers on the front door and then breaks the glass with a metal object . story_separator_special_tag ” advertisement continue reading the main story detective ahmed nasser of the new york police department said that while the episode had not been reported on saturday , other reports of anti-semitic graffiti had been logged recently : a recycling container downtown was reportedly defaced with the words “ jews are a virus ” in black ink in january , and swastikas were found etched on a northbound f train this month . newline_char nied and several other commuters began to wipe away the graffiti , their actions captured in photographs taken by mr. newline_char nied said that the episode had lasted less than five minutes and that the passengers were able to erase the graffiti before the train reached 96th street . newline_char nied had many times used a sharpie when he had meant to use a dry-erase marker , and he knew from experience that alcohol would work to erase the graffiti .
