the report 's specific recommendations to address the federal government 's overreliance on contractors in iraq and afghanistan and failure to control the process underscore the importance of the commission 's charter , " webb said in a prepared statement . newline_char the commission is calling for major reforms to how the government awards and monitors contractors on military , reconstruction and training programs . newline_char " the report says that contractors often face great risks . newline_char " the government has abdicated its contracting responsibilities -- too often using contractors as the default mechanism , driven by considerations other than whether they provide the best solution , and without consideration for the resources needed to manage them , " the report said . story_separator_special_tag -poor planning and oversight by the us government , as well as poor performance on the part of contractors , have costly outcomes : time and money misspent are lost for other purposes . story_separator_special_tag " for the 200,000 people employed by contractors to provide support and capability in iraq and afghanistan , accountability is too often absent , diluted , delayed , or avoided , " republican co-chair chris shays , formerly a longtime congressman from connecticut , said while calling to order a hearing of the commission monday . newline_char washington -- the chairmen of the bipartisan commission on wartime contracting decried on monday a federal system that has allowed contractors in iraq and afghanistan to commit fraud -- then get hired again and again . newline_char correcting over-reliance on contractors in contingency operations , " which concluded that " misspent dollars run into the tens of billions " out of the nearly $ 200 billion spent on contracts and grants since 2002 to support military , reconstruction and other u.s. operations in iraq and afghanistan . newline_char " the report suggested that the government stop using contractors so routinely , start taking oversight more seriously and establish strong interagency standards .
