ump responded wednesday morning by calling on ginsburg to resign . newline_char washington ( cnn ) supreme court justice ruth bader ginsburg 's well-known candor was on display in her chambers late monday , when she declined to retreat from her earlier criticism of donald trump and even elaborated on it . newline_char " ginsburg 's comments came in a previously scheduled interview related to my research for a book on chief justice john roberts . newline_char " justice ginsburg of the u.s. supreme court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me . story_separator_special_tag advertisement to recap the controversy , ginsburg ’ s campaign began with a light jab at trump in a thursday interview , in which the justice admitted she didn ’ t “ want to think about ” the possibility of a trump presidency . newline_char then , on friday , ginsburg told the new york times ’ adam liptak , “ i can ’ t imagine what this place would be—i can ’ t imagine what the country would be—with donald trump as our president. newline_char critics on the left and right have criticized ginsburg ’ s comments as explosive , unprecedented , and unethical . newline_char over the course of several interviews , the justice has spent the last few days hammering donald trump for his reckless campaign and outrageous policies , suggesting that a president trump would pose a serious danger to the republic . story_separator_special_tag nor were any of justice ginsburg ’ s disparaging comments about the presumptive republican nominee , donald trump , untrue , at least not as we read the evidence . newline_char nothing supreme court justice ruth bader ginsburg has said in recent interviews about the presidential election should surprise anyone familiar with her biography and her career on the court . newline_char when justice ginsburg , elaborating on her previous anti-trump remarks to the new york times , told cnn this week that mr. story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag 
