o long running , obama era , investigations of two very popular republican congressmen were brought to a well publicized charge , just ahead of the mid-terms , by the jeff sessions justice department . story_separator_special_tag ( associated press ) washington ( ap ) — president donald trump escalated his attacks on attorney general jeff sessions on monday , suggesting the department of justice put republicans in midterm jeopardy with recent indictments of two gop congressmen . newline_char president donald trump is escalating his attacks on attorney general jeff sessions , suggesting the embattled official should have intervened in investigations of two gop congressmen to help republicans in ... newline_char in his latest broadside against the justice department 's traditional independence , trump tweeted that " obama era investigations , of two very popular republican congressmen were brought to a well publicized charge , just ahead of the mid-terms , by the jeff sessions justice department . newline_char trump has also repeatedly complained publicly and privately over sessions ' decision to recuse himself from the federal investigation into possible collusion between the trump campaign and russia because he 'd worked on trump 's campaign . newline_char president donald trump is escalating his attacks on attorney general jeff sessions , suggesting the embattled ... newline_char " still , sessions has made clear to associates that he has no intention of leaving his job voluntarily despite trump 's constant criticism . newline_char trump has frequently suggested he views justice less as a law enforcement agency and more as a department that is supposed to do his personal and political bidding . newline_char the tension between trump and sessions boiled over recently with sessions punching back , saying that he and his department " will not be improperly influenced by political considerations . newline_char allies , including republican members of congress , have long advised trump that firing sessions — especially before the november midterm elections — would be deeply damaging to the party .
