nye west was not placed on a 51-50 psychiatric hold before he was hospitalized for exhaustion , a source confirms to people . newline_char the source also told people that kardashian west is “ being amazing ” as his family and friends support his recovery . newline_char ” people confirmed that west , 39 , was hospitalized for exhaustion on monday afternoon after canceling his saint pablo tour . story_separator_special_tag two days after kanye west voluntarily admitted himself into a los angeles area hospital , e ! newline_char " she is just holding things down like kanye did for her when she needed support , " a source shared with e ! story_separator_special_tag 21 ) , after a rep for kanye west confirmed that the remaining 21 dates of his saint pablo tour would be canceled , billboard estimated it would result in the refunding of more than 300,000 tickets , worth $ 27.3 million . newline_char last night , west was placed under observation at a los angeles-area hospital , and a source told billboard he was suffering from exhaustion and sleep deprivation . newline_char at the time , however , the big unknown was why west canceled the dates , leaving open the question of whether insurance would cover the costs of shutting down the tour . newline_char and while there is little to no further information about west 's condition or the specific reasoning for canceling the tour dates , exhaustion raises several possibilities in terms of west 's potential financial liabilities . story_separator_special_tag kanye west psychosis diagnosis may trigger huge payout kanye west 's psychosis diagnosis may trigger huge payout exclusive kanye west is dealing with a medical emergency , but there 's a silver lining ... newline_char kanye had an insurance policy that covered him in the event illness prevented him from performing . newline_char kanye announced the cancellation of his tour 6 hours before he was handcuffed to a stretcher and hauled off to ucla medical center for psychiatric evaluation .
