x 's roar has struck fear into audiences from the days of king kong to jurassic world , but new research found that dinosaurs probably did n't sound anything like that . newline_char after all , today ’ s birds are living dinosaurs . story_separator_special_tag " if people knew where the sounds in jurassic park came from , it 'd be rated r ! story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag ancestral‐state optimizations of body size and vocal behavior indicate that closed‐mouth vocalizations are unlikely to be ancestral in birds and have evolved independently at least 16 times within aves , predominantly in large‐bodied lineages . newline_char here we describe closed‐mouth vocalizations of birds from functional and morphological perspectives and assess the distribution of closed‐mouth vocalizations in birds and related outgroups . newline_char as in birds , this behavior may have been limited to sexually selected vocal displays , and hence would have co‐occurred with open‐mouthed vocalizations . newline_char most birds vocalize with an open beak , but vocalization with a closed beak into an inflating cavity occurs in territorial or courtship displays in disparate species throughout birds . story_separator_special_tag the research examines the evolution of a specialized way birds emit sound — closed-mouth vocalization . newline_char the study emerges from a new collaboration , funded by a grant from the gordon and betty moore foundation , to understand the origin and evolution of the unique vocal organ of birds and the large array of sounds it can produce . newline_char tobias riede closed-mouth vocalizations are sounds that are emitted through the skin in the neck area while the beak is kept closed . newline_char because birds descended from dinosaurs , the research may also shed light on how dinosaurs made sound . newline_char to make them , birds typically push air that drives sound production into an esophageal pouch rather than exhale through the open beak .
