ople " familiar with tillerson conversations with friends outside washington " told cnn the mood in foggy bottom 's mahogany row has grown increasingly dark in recent days , particularly since president donald trump gave an interview to the new york times in which he publicly rebuked attorney general jeff sessions . newline_char ( mark wilson/getty images ) secretary of state rex tillerson may be considering resigning from his job as frustrations with the trump administration may have him nearing the end of his rope . newline_char tillerson has been criticized for his absence on the world stage as the trump administration has left allies concerned with the u.s. story_separator_special_tag among those who viewed the president 's public rebuke of sessions as unprofessional , according to several sources , is secretary of state rex tillerson , the former exxon-mobil ceo . newline_char tillerson has a growing list of differences with the white house , including a new debate over iran policy and personnel . story_separator_special_tag a source familiar with the situation told reuters that tillerson was “ very upset at not having autonomy , independence and control over his own department and the ability to do the job the way the job ... story_separator_special_tag two sources familiar with tillerson ’ s conversations with friends told cnn over the weekend that he has grown so frustrated with president donald trump and his administration that there may soon be a “ rexit. newline_char secretary of state rex tillerson is growing increasingly frustrated with the trump administration and could quit before the year is through , according to reports . newline_char also , trump publicly assailed one of tillerson ’ s fellow cabinet members , attorney general jeff sessions , saying he regretted hiring him . newline_char the sources acknowledged that tillerson could have been venting after a tough week , but his frustration is just the latest in a long list of times newline_char joshua roberts/reuters tillerson , the sources said , viewed trump ’ s comments as unprofessional .
