i ’ m not sure we need half a billion dollars in funding for women ’ s health programs , ” bush said , before continuing with his point . newline_char looking to curry favor with religious conservatives at the outset of a competitive primary fight , bush on tuesday repeated his call to cut off funding for planned parenthood — and then he went even further , questioning the amount of government support for women ’ s health programs generally . newline_char ” the controversial comment came as bush started to acknowledge the importance of federal funding for some women ’ s health programs , and then stopped mid-sentence to qualify his remarks , asserting that he believes the current amount of funding is likely too much . newline_char bush , who told the audience that , as governor , he defunded planned parenthood in florida , prefaced his comments by acknowledging that democrats are likely to attack his comments — and the gop ’ s current fight against planned parenthood , which gained steam after the release of several controversial videos that allegedly show organization officials talking about the sale of fetal tissue and organs . story_separator_special_tag " ( cnn ) jeb bush took an off-handed jab at women 's health funding and quickly found himself in the middle of a culture clash with hillary clinton . story_separator_special_tag “ as a former secretary of ahca for governor bush , i watched his dedication to women ’ s health issues and services first hand . newline_char bush ’ s record on women ’ s health . newline_char “ in 2005 , bush proposed spending millions on a pregnancy counseling hotline that steered women to these crisis pregnancy centers , which were opposed to abortion . newline_char jeb bush issued the following statement regarding his comments on federal funding for planned parenthood . newline_char ” background bush proposed millions on crisis pregnancy centers which received a $ 4 million launch and $ 2 million a year for the rest of his tenure .
