an listens as ben bernanke , chairman of the u.s. federal reserve , speaks at the committee for a responsible federal budget annual conference in washington on june 14 , 2011 . newline_char , left , and ranking member ryan listen to federal reserve chairman ben bernanke testify during the house budget hearing on the economy on january 17 , 2008 . newline_char , left , and ranking member ryan listen to federal reserve chairman ben bernanke testify during the house budget hearing on the economy on january 17 , 2008 . newline_char ryan listens as ben bernanke , chairman of the u.s. federal reserve , speaks at the committee for a responsible federal budget annual conference in washington on june 14 , 2011 . newline_char washington ( cnn ) the era of paul ryan has begun on capitol hill after house republicans nominated the 45-year-old wisconsin congressman to serve as speaker of the house , setting him up to be the youngest to ascend to the post since before the civil war . newline_char ryan is introduced before speaking about the federal budget at georgetown university on april 26 , 2012 . newline_char ryan is introduced before speaking about the federal budget at georgetown university on april 26 , 2012 . newline_char ryan holds a news conference in december 2011 in washington to introduce a package of 10 legislative reforms designed to revamp the budget process . newline_char ryan holds a news conference in december 2011 in washington to introduce a package of 10 legislative reforms designed to revamp the budget process . newline_char speaker of the house denis hastert , left , administers the oath of office to ryan at the beginning of his first term as representative of wisconsin on january 6 , 1999 . story_separator_special_tag ryan ' paul ryan is changing his job title . newline_char the ways and means chairman asked the clerk of the house karen haas to officially change his name to include the middle initial on all official documents and offices – just one day before ryan is set to be elected speaker .
