shington president barack obama would veto a bill recently introduced in the u.s. senate allowing congress to weigh in on any deal the united states and other negotiating countries reach with iran on its nuclear capabilities , the white house said on saturday . story_separator_special_tag washington/jerusalem ( reuters ) - the united states and israel showed signs of seeking to defuse tensions on sunday ahead of a speech in washington by israeli leader benjamin netanyahu when he will warn against a possible nuclear deal with iran . newline_char policy differences over the negotiations with iran remained firm , however , as netanyahu set off for the united states to deliver the speech , which has imperiled ties between the two allies . newline_char israel fears that u.s. president barack obama ’ s iran diplomacy , with an end-of-march deadline for a framework accord , will allow its arch foe to develop atomic weapons — something tehran denies seeking . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag obama defended his diplomatic efforts to negotiate a deal with iran while mr. newline_char photo advertisement continue reading the main story washington — president obama and prime minister benjamin netanyahu of israel offered radically divergent approaches to the perils of a nuclear-armed iran on monday even as they tried to cool down the personal nature of a long-distance dispute that has inflamed relations between the united states and israel for more than a month . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag ( reuters ) israeli prime minister netanyahu visits jerusalem 's holy western wall hours ahead of trip to washington where he is expected to deliver controversial congress speech on iran . newline_char israeli prime minister netanyahu visits jerusalem 's holy western wall hours ahead of trip to washington where he is expected to deliver controversial congress speech on iran . newline_char on tuesday morning , netanyahu will confront an american president and insist that the future of the state of israel , and the world , is imperiled by a pending “ bad deal ” with iran on its nuclear program .
