5 bad habits you should still quit ] " after exclusion of other causes of death , we assume that the young men died from cardiovascular complications evoked by smoking cannabis , " the researchers wrote . newline_char in both cases , the deaths were related to cardiovascular complications . newline_char toxicological examinations concluded that the men were under the influence of cannabis before they died , and traces of thc — the main active ingredient in marijuana — were found in the men 's blood and brain tissue , the researchers wrote in the report . newline_char credit : stanimir g.stoev/shutterstock view full size image although marijuana may have a reputation as a relatively harmless drug , a new case report links it to the deaths of two young men in germany . story_separator_special_tag nearly 2 percent of the health complications from marijuana use reported were cardiovascular related . newline_char “ it is therefore important that doctors , including cardiologists , be aware of this , and consider marijuana use as one of the potential causes in patients with cardiovascular disorders. newline_char “ in prior research , we identified several remarkable cases of cardiovascular complications as the reasons for hospital admission of young marijuana users , ” said émilie jouanjus , pharm.d. newline_char people with pre-existing cardiovascular weaknesses appear to be more prone to the harmful effects of marijuana . newline_char researchers note that marijuana use and any resulting health complications are likely underreported . newline_char ” researchers analyzed serious cardiovascular-related complications following marijuana use that was reported to the french addictovigilance network in 2006-10 . newline_char ” surveillance of marijuana-related reports of cardiovascular disorders should continue and more research needs to look at how marijuana use might trigger cardiovascular events , she said . newline_char et wednesday , april 23 , 2014 dallas , april 23 , 2014 — marijuana use may result in cardiovascular-related complications — even death — among young and middle-aged adults , according to a french study reported in the journal of the american heart association .
