st year , the state of alaska filed a petition to remove some north pacific humpback whales from protection under the endangered species act . newline_char the u.s. government on monday proposed removing most of the world 's humpback whale population from the endangered species list , saying they have rebounded after 45 years of protections . story_separator_special_tag noaa devises 14 population segments to allow them to protect those that need help most but activists say the whales are too ‘ complicated ’ for such judgment humpback whales , endangered no more ? newline_char most may be removed from list most of the world ’ s humpback whales could soon be taken off the endangered species list . newline_char on monday , the us national oceanic and atmospheric administration ( noaa ) proposed that humpbacks be split into 14 population segments , allowing for 10 populations to be removed from the endangered list . story_separator_special_tag the u.s. government proposed removing most of the world ’ s humpback whale populations from the federal endangered species list today , saying that many of the marine mammals have recovered in the 45 years since they were first listed . newline_char if the proposal is approved ( which is expected to happen next year ) , only two of these populations will remain on the endangered list ; another two will be considered threatened . story_separator_special_tag successful conservation efforts recognized in revised esa humpback whale listing reclassification into 14 distinct population segments will provide more tailored management approach noaa 's proposal to reclassify humpback whales into 14 distinct population segments will offer fisheries managers a more tailored conservation approach . newline_char ( credit : noaa ) noaa fisheries proposed today to reclassify the humpback whale into 14 distinct population segments under the endangered species act , providing a more tailored conservation approach for u.s. fisheries managers . newline_char also under the proposal , two of the other four populations would be listed as endangered and the remaining two would be listed as threatened .
