tory_separator_special_tag neatherlin had been telling parents they could n't pick up or drop off their kids between 11 a.m. and 2 p.m. police checked cross fit and tan republic records to find that 's when she would leave the house , hours she referred to as " nap time . story_separator_special_tag ( ryan brennecke/bulletin photo ) 7252859 january neatherlin addresses the parents and family members of the children she abandoned during her sentencing hearing at deschutes county circuit court on friday , march 9 , 2018 . newline_char ( ryan brennecke/bulletin photo ) 7253030 january neatherlin addresses the parents and family members of the children she abandoned during her sentencing hearing at deschutes county circuit court on friday , march 9 , 2018 . newline_char ( ryan brennecke/bulletin photo ) 7252860 january neatherlin listens as a parent describes to judge wells ashby how her actions of abandoning their child has caused emotional , physical and financial damages to their family during her sentencing hearing at deschutes county circuit court on friday , march 9 , 2018 . newline_char ( ryan brennecke/bulletin photo ) - bulletin january neatherlin addresses the parents and family members of the children she abandoned during her sentencing hearing at deschutes county circuit court on friday , march 9 , 2018 . newline_char ( ryan brennecke/bulletin photo ) 7252861 january neatherlin wipes her eye as she addresses the parents and family members of the children she abandoned during her sentencing hearing at deschutes county circuit court on friday , march 9 , 2018 . newline_char ( ryan brennecke/bulletin photo ) - bulletin january neatherlin wipes her eye as she addresses the parents and family members of the children she abandoned during her sentencing hearing at deschutes county circuit court on friday , march 9 , 2018 . newline_char ( ryan brennecke/bulletin photo ) - bulletin january neatherlin addresses the parents and family members of the children she abandoned during her sentencing hearing at deschutes county circuit court on friday , march 9 , 2018 .
