idic wastewater from an abandoned mine above silverton coursed its way through la plata county on thursday , turning the animas river orange-brown , forcing the city of durango to stop pumping raw water from the river and persuading the sheriff to close the river to public use . newline_char the disaster released about 1 million gallons of acidic water containing sediment and metals flowing as an orange-colored discharge downstream through cement creek and into the animas river . newline_char river closure the animas river was closed to tubers , rafters and kayakers thursday as the toxic plume made its way through durango . story_separator_special_tag denver ( ap ) — a plume of orange-ish muck from million-gallon mine waste spill in colorado was headed down river to new mexico , prompting communities along the water route to take precautions until the sludge passes . newline_char but downstream water agencies were warned to avoid animas river water until the plume passes , said david ostrander , director of the epa 's emergency response program in denver . newline_char previous contamination from the mine sent iron , aluminum , cadmium , zinc and copper into the water , said peter butler , co-coordinator of the animas river stakeholders group . newline_char the creek runs into the animas , which then flows into the san juan river in new mexico and joins the colorado river in utah . story_separator_special_tag about 1 million gallons of mine waste spilled into a colorado waterway on wednesday , turning the water bright orange and prompting officials to warn residents to avoid recreational use of the animas river . newline_char residents in parts of colorado have been urged to cut back on water use and avoid the animas river until officials are sure the river is free from contamination . newline_char san juan county health officials say the environmental protection agency and the state division of reclamation , mining and safety were investigating another contamination when they “ unexpectedly triggered a large release of mine waste water into the upper portions of cement creek.
