lliam rulla told the reno gazette-journal she had been a victim in an earlier kidnapping and domestic incident involving mark constantino , and that officers tracking her cellphone located her inside the sparks apartment with her estranged husband . newline_char mark constantino shot at officers who approached the door of the sparks apartment , but they did not return fire , police said . newline_char tuesday 's incidents began at 6:30 a.m. when reno police received a call of a man found dead at a home in northwest reno where debby constantino had been living . newline_char " the subjects involved in this incident were not shot at or injured by gunfire from any law enforcement personnel , " sparks police lt. newline_char " mark and debby constantino were found dead tuesday in a barricaded sparks apartment . newline_char a swat team responding to a hostage situation found their bodies when officers stormed their adult daughter 's apartment near sparks high school following an hours-long standoff on tuesday . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag upon arriving at the apartment , officers knocked on the door and heard several shots fired , said deputy chief tom robinson , of the reno police department , in an earlier interview . newline_char swat teams from both reno and sparks police surrounded the courtside gardens apartment , evacuated the complex and put it on lockdown . newline_char police began negotiating with the suspect , but officers eventually used explosives to blow the door open and found the couple dead inside . newline_char officers tracked her cellphone and found her inside the apartment in sparks with her estranged husband . newline_char rulla said she was previously a victim in a kidnapping and domestic incident with her husband . newline_char a woman arrived at the residence to find her roommate dead inside , reno police lt. newline_char the couple were found inside their daughter ’ s apartment at 1100 15th street , near sparks high school .
