ople react as they celebrate the unilateral declaration of independence of catalonia outside the catalan parliament , in barcelona , spain , friday , oct. newline_char ( associated press ) people react as they celebrate the unilateral declaration of independence of catalonia outside the catalan parliament , in barcelona , spain , friday , oct. newline_char ___ 3:45 p.m. spain 's prime minister has urged all citizens to remain calm after catalonia 's parliament approved a motion declaring the wealthy region a republic independent from spain . newline_char ___ 3:40 p.m. thousands of people who have gathered outside catalonia 's parliament building in support of the region 's independence bid cheered and danced after the parliament passed a motion saying it wanted to establish an independent catalan republic . newline_char the vote came shortly after the catalan parliament itself voted in barcelona to declare the region 's independence and to begin forming a new state in a ballot boycotted by opposition deputies . newline_char ( ap photo/ emilio morenatti ) ( associated press ) barcelona , spain ( ap ) — the latest on the spain-catalonia political crisis ( all times local ) : 4:15 p.m. spain 's senate has authorized the government to apply constitutional measures to take control of the government of catalonia . story_separator_special_tag ( associated press ) barcelona , spain ( ap ) — catalonia 's regional parliament passed a motion friday to establish an independent catalan republic , voting to secede from spain after an acrimonious debate that saw opposition lawmakers walk out in protest before the vote . newline_char the vote in barcelona came after spanish prime minister mariano rajoy delivered an impassioned speech in madrid , urging the country 's senate to grant his government special constitutional measures that would allow it to take control of catalonia 's autonomous powers and halt the region 's independence bid . newline_char catalonia 's parliament on friday will resume debating its response to the spanish government 's plans to strip away its regional powers to halt it pushing toward independence .
