te evans ' co-authored paleo diet cookbook for babies under investigation updated a cookbook that recommends feeding infants bone broth as a baby formula is being investigated by the federal health department and leading health groups say some of the book 's recipes are potentially risky for babies . newline_char source : abc health and wellbeing evans is a longtime advocate of the paleo diet , as is carr . story_separator_special_tag friday 's release of bubba yum yum : the paleo way has been postponed by publishers pan macmillan after concerns about the book 's " bone broth " baby formula were raised with the federal department of health , the australian women 's weekly reported online . newline_char photo : supplied the publication of a paleo baby cookbook , co-authored by celebrity chef pete evans , has been delayed , amid calls by leading health officials that its recipes could be potentially fatal to children . newline_char pete evans will self-publish his paleo book for children after pan macmillan pulled out of its publication . story_separator_special_tag a paleo diet baby cookbook co-authored by celebrity chef pete evans has been put on hold after public health officials warned its recipes could potentially result in infants dying . newline_char the weekly online has learned publishers pan macmillan have held back release of bubba yum yum : the paleo way – following intervention by a consortium of health organisations that expressed grave concerns over the book 's diy baby milk formula , based on liver and bone broth . newline_char " the cookbook is co-authored by influential channel 7 my kitchen rules judge and paleo advocate pete evans , baby recipe blogger charlotte carr and naturopath helen padarin . newline_char " the department of health has been closely scrutinizing this diet and book , " a spokeswoman said . newline_char " in my view , there 's a very real possibility that a baby may die if this book goes ahead , " professor heather yeatman , president of the public health association of australia , has told the weekly online .
