it appears that the confetti strips are shredded police documents . newline_char the papers were shredded , but clearly not well enough.they even contain information about mitt romney 's motorcade , apparently from the final presidential debate , which took place at hofstra university in nassau county last month.most significant , the confetti strips identified nassau county detectives by name . newline_char " for its part , the sponsor of the parade , macy 's , told pix11 news that it uses " commercially manufactured , multicolor confetti , not shredded paper . newline_char that information included social security numbers and banking information for police employees , some of whom are undercover officers.ethan finkelstein , who was home from college on thanksgiving break , was watching the parade at 65th street and central park west , when he and a friend noticed a strip of confetti stuck onto her coat . newline_char their social security numbers , dates of birth and other highly sensitive personal information was also printed on the confetti strips . newline_char " a closer look shows that the documents are from the nassau county police department . newline_char confidential personal information is what some paradegoers found among confetti tossed during the world 's most famous parade . story_separator_special_tag federal prosecutors told a judge last week that they have started reassembling documents shredded by the stanford financial group , whose owner , r. newline_char during the 1979 iranian revolution , students and militants who took over the u.s. embassy in tehran turned to local carpet weavers to reassemble classified cia documents they found that had been shredded . newline_char " ) advertisement not all shredded documents can be put back together . newline_char assuming all the pieces are in one place , reassembling a shredded document is a bit like solving a jigsaw puzzle ; the reconstructionist must painstakingly sift through the shreds , looking for matches .
