tory_separator_special_tag researchers discover illegal content within the distributed ledger , making possession of it potentially unlawful in many countries german researchers have discovered unknown persons are using bitcoin ’ s blockchain to store and link to child abuse imagery , potentially putting the cryptocurrency in jeopardy . newline_char researchers from the rwth aachen university , germany found that around 1,600 files were currently stored in bitcoin ’ s blockchain . newline_char the blockchain is the open-source , distributed ledger that records every bitcoin transaction , but can also store small bits of non-financial data . newline_char ” while the spending of bitcoin does not necessarily require a copy of the blockchain to facilitate , some processes , such as some mining techniques , require the  story_separator_special_tag bitcoin ’ s price rose above $ 9,000 for the first time in a week on tuesday evening , despite reports that its underlying blockchain contains hundreds of links to child pornography . story_separator_special_tag but german researchers say that links to child pornography within technology underlying bitcoin could stifle its development . newline_char while the blockchain is largely known to be an immutable ledger of bitcoin transactions corroborated by copies held by participating computers , it also allows its users to leave coded messages . newline_char but the ones that could be illegal , containing links to child porn , for example , could be an outsized problem for the bitcoin community . newline_char “ as a result , it could become illegal ( or even already is today ) to possess the blockchain , which is required to participate in bitcoin. newline_char bitcoin ’ s creator , satoshi nakamoto , famously left a cryptic message on the blockchain ’ s original block : “ the times 03/jan/2009 chancellor on brink of second bailout for banks. newline_char in recent months , bitcoin ’ s supporters have pointed to its falling use in illegal transactions as a sign of the cryptocurrency ’ s growth toward mainstream acceptance .
