torney nicholas rowley donned this costume to make a point during closing arguments in the case of his client mitch carter versus the kern high school district . newline_char attorney nicholas rowley donned this costume to make a point during closing arguments in the case of his client mitch carter versus the kern high school district . newline_char the student , mitch carter , will use that money for healthcare-related costs , his trial attorney nicholas rowley said during a press conference outside kern county superior court . newline_char a jury had already found the district liable for carter ’ s injuries , which his lawyers said included brain damage . newline_char a change in policy when carter stepped into his chicken suit dec 10 , 2010 , his attorneys said he became part of a tradition at bakersfield high school . newline_char ” inexcusable but a surprise carter was mobbed by a group of students in 2010 when he put on a chicken costume meant to mock an opposing team ’ s mascot during a pep rally the day of a championship football game . newline_char carter was roughed up while wearing a similar chicken outfit at a 2010 bhs pep rally skit meant to mock clovis west school ’ s mascot , the golden eagles . newline_char carter was roughed up while wearing a similar chicken outfit at a 2010 bhs pep rally skit meant to mock clovis west school ’ s mascot , the golden eagles . newline_char ” the settlement ended a seven-day civil trial that shed light on shoddy safety practices at kern high school district , revealed questionable policies and disorganization between the khsd police department and school administrators , was fraught with accusations of conspiracy and cover-up and concluded with a lawyer donning a chicken suit in court . newline_char mitch carter testifies during the civil trail of his lawsuit against the kern high school district for negligence as a result of injuries he sustained from a beating during a pep rally at bakersfield high school in 2010 . story_separator_special_tag 
