anuel lopes , 20 , will either be arraigned in his hospital bed or in court for the deaths of weymouth officer michael chesna , a six-year veteran of the force , and 77-year-old vera adams , who was shot after the suspect spotted her through a sliding glass door . newline_char chesna was trying to locate the driver of the vehicle , morrissey said , when he spotted lopes allegedly vandalizing a home . newline_char chesna fell to the ground , and lopes took the officer ’ s gun and repeatedly shot him in the head and chest , morrissey said . newline_char that ’ s when lopes hit chesna in the head with a rock . newline_char police initially reported adams was struck by crossfire , but monday night , the norfolk da ’ s office said lopes intentionally shot her . newline_char another officer who had arrived at the scene shot lopes in the leg . newline_char lopes then ran off and shot adams after he spotted her through her glass door . story_separator_special_tag lopes had also been arrested by weymouth police sept. newline_char lopes was arrested in weymouth oct. newline_char lopes was listed in court papers as homeless at the time . newline_char partially redacted court papers do not specify their relationship ; however , the woman testified she had lopes ' name taken off a prior lease at a home they shared newline_char lopes remains hospitalized this morning with a gunshot wound to his leg he sustained when he allegedly exchanged gunfire with responding officers at torrey street and burton terrace . newline_char " lopes attempted to evade arrest for the drug offenses by running , police said . newline_char lopes , who has not yet been arraigned . newline_char lopes was charged with property damage and released on pretrial probation . newline_char the 20-year-old brockton native accused of executing weymouth police officer michael chesna with chesna 's service weapon and then killing an innocent woman in the sanctity of her home yesterday had battled with department members and used a rock as a weapon before , according to court documents .
