vestigators concluded that cleveland officers are not given adequate training and supervision . story_separator_special_tag 13-year-old punched after officers arrested a 13-year-old boy for shoplifting , he was handcuffed and placed in a police vehicle , where he began kicking the door and an officer in the leg . newline_char after the man was restrained and on his stomach , officers began kicking and striking the man . newline_char " because the man was spitting on officers , they placed a hood — called a spit sock — over the man 's head . newline_char restrained and kicked after leading officers on a brief chase , a man got out of his van and walked into a group of trees . story_separator_special_tag " in another incident from november 2012 , the report said , " over 100 cleveland police officers engaged in a high speed chase , in violation of [ cleveland division of police ] policies , and fatally shot two unarmed civilians . newline_char the investigation in the cleveland police department was launched in march 2013 , " following a number of high profile use of force incidents and requests from the community and local government to investigate the [ police department ] , " the report released thursday said . newline_char [ cleveland division of police ] officers ultimately fired 137 shots at the car , killing both its occupants . newline_char the report cited specific incidents , including a january 2011 police chase of an unarmed man , who suffered " kicks to the head " after he had " surrendered to officers and was handcuffed and prone on the ground . newline_char " none of the officers filed a report on the use of force , and none " were appropriately disciplined for failing to report the use of force . newline_char attorney general eric holder announced thursday that " there is reasonable cause to believe that the cleveland division of police engages in a pattern and practice of using excessive force , " after justice department investigators examined nearly 600 cases of use of force that occurred between 2010 and 2013 .
