otos : tiger mistress rachel uchitel in a bikini as radaronline.com reported january 15 , tiger is at pine grove behavioral health and addiction services in hattiesburg , mississippi . newline_char exclusive : tiger in sex rehab tiger ’ s wife elin has not been wearing her wedding ring but also has not filed for divorce . newline_char two local media outlets also reported that tiger was receiving treatment in town . newline_char tiger is not publicly revealing his plan to return to golf this spring but the source told radaronline.com that the golfing great believes going through rehab will help him convince everyone – including corporate sponsors – that he has changed . newline_char photos : tiger ’ s wife elin “ tiger is totally devastated , ” the source told radaronline.com . newline_char news organizations scoured hattiesburg the past few days looking for tiger sightings but his rehab is a closed facility . newline_char shortly after that story was reported tiger drove into a fire hydrant and tree in the early morning hours after thanksgiving and has not been seen since in public . story_separator_special_tag tiger is receiving treatment at pine grove behavioral health and addiction services in hattiesburg , miss. newline_char topless photos of tiger mistress rachel uchitel hattiesburg local reports have placed tiger at the clinic . newline_char photos : tiger 's wife at the gym now we 've learned exclusively that wife elin has stayed away from the facility and not seen her husband since he was admitted , as speculation continues to mount about the future of the marriage . newline_char exclusive : tiger woods wife has not visited him in rehab tiger woods ' wife has not visited him while he 's been in sexual addiction rehab , radaronline.com is reporting exclusively . newline_char sexy photos of tiger mistress jaime grubbs tiger has been linked to more than 14 women in extra-marital affairs and sources tell radaronline.com that there are lots more that have not been revealed .
