tory_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag . ( associated press ) quebec city ( ap ) — president donald trump is cutting short his first presidential trip to canada this weekend , as trade and foreign policy disputes appear set to mar his planned summit with the leaders of the group of seven wealthy democracies . newline_char when trump visits canada this week there 's ... newline_char when trump visits canada this week there 's speculation he could walk out of meetings with allies furious over his belligerent trade policies ... newline_char trudeau has grown increasingly direct with his fury with trump for imposing the tariffs on canada 's metals industries — and for justifying the protectionist move by calling those imports a threat to u.s. national security . newline_char before shortening his planned participation on the eve of his departure , trump found himself publicly feuding with summit host , canadian prime minister justin trudeau , and with french president emmanuel macron — two leaders who previously banked on flattery to win concessions with the american . newline_char under trump , the united states has abandoned its traditional role in the g-7 . story_separator_special_tag | kevin dietsch-pool/getty images trump to depart g-7 summit early president donald trump continued to criticize canada early friday morning after the white house announced he will leave the g-7 summit before its conclusion following a day of back-and-forth with fellow world leaders that foreshadowed confrontations during the meeting of the world 's largest advanced economies . newline_char story continued below before the thursday night announcement , president emmanuel macron of france and prime minister justin trudeau of canada both promised to confront trump over his recent decision to impose tariffs on u.s. allies . newline_char trump , in response , laid into the two leaders on thursday evening and friday morning over those plans . newline_char trump chose not to hold a news conference last year ,
