ndon ( reuters ) - prime minister theresa may survived a confidence vote from her conservative party on wednesday , but more than a third of her lawmakers said she was no longer the right leader to implement britain ’ s exit from the european union . newline_char may on monday cancelled a parliamentary vote on her brexit deal , designed to maintain close future ties with the bloc and agreed after two years of negotiations , after it became clear she would lose it badly . story_separator_special_tag the majority of conservative mps have publicly said they will support the pm but it is a secret ballot and there were signs of nerves among party managers ahead of the vote in committee room 14 at the palace of westminster . newline_char she faces a vote of confidence in her leadership after 48 conservative mps called for one to be held . newline_char media playback is unsupported on your device media caption theresa may smiles at gathered journalists as she awaits the result theresa may is awaiting the result of a vote by conservative mps on whether they want to keep her as their leader . story_separator_special_tag the number of rebels at 117 is eyecatchingly similar to the 100 or so mps who were planning to vote against her brexit deal before she postponed the vote a day before its scheduled date of tuesday . story_separator_special_tag britain 's prime minister theresa may makes a statement in downing street , london , confirming there will be a vote of confidence in her leadership of the conservative party , wednesday dec. newline_char " ___ 4:25 p.m. british bookmakers william hill say they 've suspended betting on the question of whether prime minister theresa may will win a confidence vote by her party . newline_char ( associated press ) london ( ap ) — the latest on political turmoil in britain ( all times local ) : 5:35 p.m. prime minister theresa may is speaking to dozens of conservative lawmakers , less than half an hour before a no-confidence vote among them that will decide her fate .
