dazolam is also given to produce amnesia ( loss of memory ) so that the patient will not remember any discomfort or undesirable effects that may occur after a surgery or procedure . newline_char midazolam is sometimes used in patients in hospital intensive care units to cause unconsciousness . newline_char description and brand names drug information provided by : micromedex us brand name versed canadian brand name midazolam descriptions midazolam is used to produce sleepiness or drowsiness and to relieve anxiety before surgery or certain procedures . story_separator_special_tag to see whether it was indeed the drug that caused the brief improvement in the man 's condition , the researchers gave the man midazolam again . newline_char " this time around , the researchers scanned the man 's brain before , during and after the administration of midazolam , and identified the locations within the brain that were affected by the drug . newline_char the researchers tried treating the man with another drug called lorazepam , which belongs to the same class of drugs as midazolam but can be administered more easily , as the patient does not have to be monitored continuously , carboncini told live science . newline_char moreover , the researchers noted , patients with catatonia have been reported to respond to midazolam in the past . newline_char although midazolam was effective as a short-term method of treating the man 's symptoms , the researchers said they could not keep giving it to him . newline_char however , it is not completely clear whether the patient did indeed suffer from catatonia or whether his condition merely included certain catatonic symptoms , the researchers wrote . newline_char this is the first report of midazolam having an " awakening " effect , the researchers said . newline_char the man woke up after he was given a drug normally used as a sedative before surgery and other medical procedures , the case report showed . newline_char to do the scan , they gave the man a mild sedative called midazolam .
