 kit carson county , 52 percent of voters directed county commissioners to explore secession and 48 percent voted against . newline_char ( rj sangosti , the denver post ) weld county commissioner sean conway said the 51st state movement is halted — at least in his county — but there were positive benefits from the secession campaign . newline_char " weld county voters tuesday soundly rejected the 51st state initiative 58 percent to 42 percent . newline_char in washington county , 58 percent were for the initiative and 42 percent against . newline_char in lincoln county , 55.5 percent voted against . newline_char phillips county went 62 percent for and 38 against ; sedgwick went 57 percent against and 42.9 percent for ; cheyenne county voters cast 62 percent of ballots for and 37.7 against ; and in yuma county , 59 percent of the vote went for the breakaway and 41 percent against . story_separator_special_tag weld county commissioners led the charge to secede , saying they were pursuing the idea because they felt agriculture , oil and gas exploration are under attack in the state legislature , and the needs of rural colorado counties were being ignored . newline_char the question on the ballot read : " shall the board of county commissioners of ___ county , in concert with the county commissioners of other colorado counties , pursue becoming the 51st state of the united states of america ? newline_char " as of 9 p.m. tuesday , voters in elbert , lincoln , logan , weld , sedgwick and moffat counties were voting against pursuing secession . newline_char voters in 6 of the 11 rural counties that were voting on whether to ask their commissioners to pursue creating a new state have said no . newline_char the solid " no " vote in weld county -- 30,562 to 22,313 -- was a sharp rebuke of commissioners in the most populous of the counties weighing secession . newline_char voters in several northeast and eastern colorado counties were not asked if they want to secede , but rather if they want their county commissioners to pursue the idea . story_separator_special_tag 
