hensarchaeologists have unearthed a vast ancient tomb in greece , distinguished by two sphinxes and frescoed walls and dating to 300-325 b.c. newline_char the official said the amphipolis site , situated about 100 km ( 65 miles ) northeast of greece 's second-biggest city thessaloniki , appeared to be the largest ancient tomb to have been discovered in greece . newline_char archaeologists , who began excavating the site in 2012 , expect to enter the tomb by the end of the month to determine out who was buried there . newline_char experts believe a five-meter-tall lion sculpture previously discovered nearby once stood atop the tomb . newline_char it marks a significant discovery from the early hellenistic era , although a culture ministry official said there was no evidence yet to suggest a link to alexander the great , who died in 323 b.c . story_separator_special_tag archaeologists excavating an ancient mound in northern greece have uncovered what appears to be the entrance to an important tomb from about the end of the reign of warrior-king alexander the great . newline_char the mound , which is believed to contain a significant grave dating to the end of alexander the great ’ s reign , and excavators believe this lion originally formed part of a tomb monument that crowned the artificial hill . newline_char marble lion of amphipolis , some 5 kilometers ( 3 miles ) from a large funeral mound currently under excavation by greek archaeologists . newline_char his fellow royals were traditionally interred in a cemetery near vergina , far to the west , where the lavishly furnished tomb of alexander 's father , philip ii , was discovered in the 1970s . newline_char in the past , the lion has been associated with laomedon of mytilene , one of alexander 's military commanders who became governor of syria after the king 's death . newline_char in-depth social great news coming from amphipolis , # greece : archaeological discovery brings @ primeministergr samaras to the area .
