ristiana figueres , a former top united nations climate official , said there was currently no formal mechanism for entities that were not countries to be full parties to the paris accord . newline_char figueres , the executive secretary of the united nations framework convention on climate change until last year , said the bloomberg group ’ s submission could be included in future reports the united nations compiled on the progress made by the signatories of the paris deal . newline_char still , producing what mr. newline_char but ms. newline_char ms. newline_char bloomberg described as a “ parallel ” pledge would indicate that leadership in the fight against climate change in the united states had shifted from the federal government to lower levels of government , academia and industry . newline_char figueres , who described the trump administration ’ s decision to withdraw as a “ vacuous political melodrama , ” said the american government was required to continue reporting its emissions to the united nations because a formal withdrawal would not take place for several years . story_separator_special_tag bloomberg founder and ceo michael bloomberg has offered to make up the $ 15 million in funding that the united nations stands to lose from u.s. president donald trump ’ s decision to pull out of the paris climate agreement . newline_char under the historic agreement , the u.s. would have been expected to contribute that amount to the operating budget of the united nations framework convention on climate change , the accord ’ s coordinating agency . newline_char ” for more about the paris climate agreement , watch fortune ’ s video : bloomberg joins a growing chorus of business leaders from various industries who have publicly denounced trump ’ s withdrawal from the accord . newline_char “ americans are not walking away from the paris climate agreement , ” the billionaire philanthropist and former new york city mayor said on thursday , according to the washington examiner . newline_char “ just the opposite — we are forging ahead. newline_char collectively , these actors remain committed to the paris accord.
