ientists from imperial college believe that intelligence may be influenced by two networks of genes , possibly controlled by a master regulatory system british scientists believe they have made a huge step forward in the understanding of the mechanisms of human intelligence . newline_char they found that the genes that influenced the intelligence and ability of healthy people were the same ones that impaired cognitive ability and caused epilepsy when mutated . newline_char this research highlights some of the genes involved in human intelligence and how they interact with each other , ” dr johnson said . newline_char “ what ’ s exciting about this is that the genes we have found are likely to share a common regulation , which means that potentially we can manipulate a whole set of genes whose activity is linked to human intelligence. newline_char “ intelligence is a composite measure of different cognitive abilities and how they are distributed in a population . newline_char ” the two networks , known just as m1 and m3 , one with roughly 1000 genes , the other with more than a 100 , also play a role in neurodevelopmental disorders such as epilepsy , schizophrenia and autism . newline_char “ traits such as intelligence are governed by large groups of genes working together - like a football team made up of players in different position , ” he said . newline_char but the scientists raise the distant possibility that armed with the new information they may be able to devise ways to modify human intelligence . newline_char “ we know that genetics plays a major role in intelligence but until now haven ’ t known which genes are relevant . newline_char gene linked to long life also protects against mental decline in old age read more it assessed a range of cognitive abilities – among them memory , attention , processing speed and reasoning – and then it combined the results with genetic information donated by healthy people who had taken iq tests , and from people with autism spectrum disorder and intellectual disability . story_separator_special_tag 
