age caption boko haram has said it will not free the girls until authorities release all imprisoned militants nigeria 's military says it has raided a boko haram intelligence unit thought to be linked to the recent abduction of more than 200 schoolgirls . newline_char the militants have been blamed for several other recent attacks , including an assault on villages near chibok on sunday that killed at least 40 people , and a bomb attack on a busy shopping district in nigeria 's capital , abuja , last week . newline_char boko haram militants abducted more than 200 girls from their school in borno state on 14 april . newline_char he used his participation in a civilian vigilante group fighting boko haram to cover up his work spying for the militants , the military said , adding that he had co-ordinated " several deadly attacks in maidugiri " , the capital of borno state , since 2011 . story_separator_special_tag boko haram extremists attacked a military camp in the neighboring local government area of damboa last week and killed at least 51 soldiers . newline_char chibok is the town in northeast borno state from which more than 200 girls were abducted in april . newline_char boko haram extremists are demanding the release of detained fighters in return for the kidnapped girls . newline_char nigeria 's president goodluck jonathan has been criticized for the slow reaction to the abductions and failure to swiftly rescue the girls . newline_char bauchi , nigeria ( ap ) — suspected islamic extremists sprayed gunfire at worshippers and torched four churches sunday in a village just miles from the town where more than 200 schoolgirls were kidnapped , witnesses said . newline_char nigeria 's military has said it knows where they are but fears any military campaign could get them killed . newline_char angry chibok residents said soldiers were slow to respond to news of the attack , and the vigilantes said that once they reached kwada , the soldiers refused to confront the extremists directly , only shooting at them from a distance outside the village .
