ring the session , which began at 7.07 p.m. last tuesday , 39 opposition lawmakers spoke for 192 hours and 25 minutes to block the vote on a disputed anti-terrorism bill that they claim will threaten personal freedom and privacy if passed into law . newline_char lee jong-kul , floor leader of the main opposition minjoo party of korea , delivered an emotion-laden speech as the 39th and the last speaker of the filibuster . newline_char 39 lawmakers thirty-nine opposition lawmakers strongly opposed the anti-terrorism bill proposed by rep. newline_char lee jong-kul , the 38th and last speaker of the filibuster , spoke for 12 hours and 31 minutes , or 751 minutes , breaking a record set by fellow lawmaker rep. story_separator_special_tag 2016/03/02 20:05 seoul , march 2 ( yonhap ) -- the main opposition party ended its vote-blocking marathon filibuster wednesday , opening the door for the normalization of parliament that has been paralyzed due to the political standoff over a government-backed anti-terrorism bill . newline_char lee jong-kul , floor leader of the main opposition minjoo party of korea , stood at the podium of the national assembly chamber as the last speaker , putting an end to the marathon monologues that started on feb. newline_char a total of 49 lawmakers took turns speaking around the clock in opposition to the bill , claiming it would give too much power to the intelligence agency . newline_char the party leadership initially promised to halt the delaying tactic on tuesday on concerns that the indefinite speeches , if prolonged , could cause public backlash over the delay in the parliamentary endorsement of several important bills , lawmakers will vote on the anti-terrorism bill during a plenary session scheduled for later on wednesday . story_separator_special_tag media caption opposition mps took turns speaking at the podium for five hours at a time south korean opposition lawmakers have set what appears to be a new world record for a combined filibuster after speaking for 192 hours . newline_char the bill was passed hours after the filibuster ended .
