dsen sank it deliberately — and while he was rescued , ms. story_separator_special_tag ( associated press ) copenhagen , denmark ( ap ) — the latest on the murder trial of danish inventor peter madsen ( all times local ) : 1 p.m. danish inventor peter madsen has been sentenced to life in prison for torturing and murdering swedish journalist kim wall on his private submarine . newline_char madsen , 47 , had denied murder and said wall died accidentally inside the submarine , but he has confessed to cutting up her body and throwing the body parts into the sea . newline_char ___ 9:20 a.m. a verdict is expected at the copenhagen city court wednesday on whether danish inventor peter madsen tortured and murdered a swedish journalist during a private submarine trip . newline_char madsen has denied murder and said wall died accidentally inside the submarine , but has confessed to throwing her body parts into the sea . newline_char prosecutor jakob buch-jepsen has claimed wall 's murder was sexually motivated and premeditated because madsen brought along tools  newline_char judge anette burkoe at the copenhagen city court said she and the two jurors agreed wall 's death was a murder , saying madsen did n't given " a trustworthy " explanation . newline_char madsen , 47 , is charged with murder , dismemberment and indecent handling of a corpse over the death of kim wall . newline_char one of the most talked-about and macabre court cases in recent danish history is set to conclude wednesday , april 25 , 2018 when the verdict is handed down on whether peter madsen tortured and murdered a ... story_separator_special_tag swedish journalist ’ s dismembered remains found at sea after she failed to return from trip on madsen ’ s submarine a danish inventor has been sentenced to life in prison for the premeditated murder and sexual assault of the swedish journalist kim wall on his submarine in august last year . newline_char facebook twitter pinterest peter madsen in front of his homemade submarine in copenhagen , denmark .
