e team used static facial photographs of 40 men and 40 women to test the relationship between measured iq , perceived intelligence , and facial shape . story_separator_special_tag for women , however , the researchers found no statistically significant link between perceived intelligence and their actual iq . newline_char people can predict the iq of men — but not women — by looking at their face , study finds new research published in plos one has found that a man ’ s facial characteristics contain some clues about his intelligence . newline_char another 160 students rated the 80 photographs in random order for either perceived intelligence or attractiveness . newline_char naturally , the findings raised the question of why people could predict men ’ s intelligence based on their face , but not predict women ’ s intelligence based on their face . newline_char this link between perceived attractiveness and perceived intelligence was stronger for women ’ s faces than men ’ s faces . story_separator_special_tag no relationship between perceived intelligence and iq was found for women . newline_char methodology/principal findings we used static facial photographs of 40 men and 40 women to test the relationship between measured iq , perceived intelligence , and facial shape . newline_char in addition to general intelligence , figural and fluid intelligence showed a significant relationship with perceived intelligence , but again , only in men . newline_char by contrast , we found no correlation between morphological traits and real intelligence measured with iq test , either in men or women . newline_char conclusions these results suggest that a perceiver can accurately gauge the real intelligence of men , but not women , by viewing their faces in photographs ; however , this estimation is possibly not based on facial shape . newline_char citation : kleisner k , chvátalová v , flegr j ( 2014 ) perceived intelligence is associated with measured intelligence in men but not women .
