 the centre of a tightening web of death threats , sex-crime accusations and high-level demands for a treason trial , wikileaks founder julian assange threatened to unleash a “ thermonuclear device ” of completely unexpurgated government files if he is forced to appear before authorities . newline_char assange ’ s lawyer mark stephens warned that if mr. newline_char assange were to be brought to trial on rape accusations he faces in sweden , or for treason charges that have been suggested by u.s. politicians , he would release the encryption key . newline_char assange , the 39-year-old australian internet activist whose online document-leaking service has embarrassed the united states and other countries by publishing hundreds of thousands of secret diplomatic and military documents , has referred to the huge , unfiltered document as his “ insurance policy. story_separator_special_tag mr assange 's british lawyer , mark stephens , warned today that wikileaks was holding further secret material which he dubbed a 'thermo-nuclear device ' to be released if the organisation needed to protect itself . newline_char mr assange 's lawyer has warned wikileaks was holding a 'thermo-nuclear device ' of further secret information 'this is what they believe to be a thermo-nuclear device in newline_char wikileaks founder julian assange 'will release poison pill of damaging secrets if killed or arrested ' threat : wikileaks founder , julian assange , has warned that if he he is arrested or killed his followers will release more damaging information the founder of wikileaks has warned that his supporters are primed to publish a 'deluge ' of leaked government documents should his activities be curtailed by any country . newline_char mr assange - understood to be lying low in britain - could be arrested by scotland yard officers as early as tomorrow . newline_char mr assange , a reclusive australian , has infuriated and embarrassed the u.s. in recent months by releasing hundreds of thousands of classified documents .
