tory_separator_special_tag california says nestle lacks permits to extract millions of gallons of water enlarge this image toggle caption california state water board california state water board california regulators say nestle may have to stop collecting a large portion of the water it bottles from the san bernardino national forest , because it lacks the legal permits for millions of gallons of water . newline_char the water board began investigating after several complaints were made against nestle during california 's recent drought . newline_char the state says nestle should apply for a new permit and ensure that all of its water diversions comply with california regulations , laying out a timeline for the company to respond . newline_char nestle sells the water under the arrowhead label . newline_char nestle has said it monitors its spring sites to be sure they do n't cause problems , and the water board 's report was less conclusive on those points . newline_char but nestle was n't able to satisfy water board investigators who wanted to clarify how much water the company could lawfully extract . newline_char the state water board says that of the 62.6 million gallons of water that nestle says it extracted from the san bernardino spring each year on average from 1947 to 2015 , the company may only have a right to some 8.5 million gallons . story_separator_special_tag ( associated press ) los angeles ( ap ) — nestle , which sells arrowhead bottled water , may have to stop taking millions of gallons of water from southern california 's san bernardino national forest because state regulators concluded it lacks valid permits . newline_char " we will continue to operate lawfully according to these existing rights and will comply fully with california law , " nestle added in a statement . newline_char nestle waters north america was urged to cut back its water withdrawals unless it can show it has valid water rights to its current sources or to additional groundwater . story_separator_special_tag 
