shington ( cnn ) the inspector general for the intelligence community has informed members of congress that some material hillary clinton emailed from her private server contained classified information , but it was not identified that way . newline_char mccullough said that state department freedom of information act officials told the intelligence community ig that " there are potentially hundreds of classified emails within the approximately 30,000 provided by former secretary clinton . newline_char " i did not email any classified material to anyone on my email , " clinton said at a news conference in march . newline_char because it was not identified , it is unclear whether clinton realized she was potentially compromising classified information . newline_char in the past , clinton has denied sending classified information from her personal sever . newline_char " clinton knocks 'inaccuracies ' in reports clinton on friday criticized what she called " a lot of inaccuracies " in brief remarks about the classified emails . story_separator_special_tag cedar rapids , iowa ( ap ) — in an interview monday with the associated press , democratic presidential candidate hillary rodham clinton said she has " tried to not only take responsibility , because it was my decision , but to be as transparent as possible " about her use of a private email server when she was secretary of state . newline_char ( associated press ) democratic presidential candidate hillary rodham clinton speaks during an interview with the associated press , monday , sept. newline_char ( associated press ) democratic presidential candidate hillary rodham clinton speaks during an interview with the associated press , monday , sept. newline_char ( associated press ) democratic presidential candidate hillary rodham clinton speaks during an interview with the associated press , monday , sept. newline_char democratic presidential candidate hillary rodham clinton speaks during an interview with the associated press , monday , sept. story_separator_special_tag 
