ricopa county , with its 2 million registered voters , had 200 polling places in the 2012 presidential primary and 400 in 2008 . newline_char election officials in phoenix responded with scaled-back polling , citing a lack of money and the belief that people would vote by mail . newline_char ( associated press ) phoenix ( ap ) — gustavo mendez waited four hours to vote in arizona 's presidential primary , marking his ballot just as poll workers brought out food for people stuck in line way past dark . newline_char a letter from the department released monday by the recorder 's office asked for information on 10 specific items , including a description of how election officials determined how many polling places were needed and whether potential effects on minority voters were examined . story_separator_special_tag ——— 11:30 p.m. records show 20 of the 60 polling places in arizona 's largest county still had people waiting in line to vote in the state 's presidential primary more than three hours after the polls officially closed . newline_char the latest on long lines at polling places during arizona 's presidential primary ( all times local ) : 4 p.m. arizona 's top election official has certified the results of the march 22 presidential primary despite ongoing concerns that long lines and other problems may have affected people 's right to vote . newline_char maricopa county records show that five polling places in metro phoenix still had voters in line after midnight , including one location where the final ballot was cast at nearly 1 a.m . newline_char maricopa county records show that five polling places in metro phoenix still had voters in line after midnight , including one location where the final ballot was cast at nearly 1 a.m . newline_char justice department voting section chief chris herron asked for information on 10 specific items including a description of how county election officials determined how many polling places were needed on march 22 and whether potential impacts on minority voters were examined .
