 the u.s. supreme court has declined to hear a case brought by republican-led states that were seeking to defund medicaid funding for planned parenthood and other organizations that provide women 's reproductive health services . story_separator_special_tag | zach gibson/getty images legal kavanaugh , roberts side with liberal judges on planned parenthood case the supreme court on monday declined to review whether states can block planned parenthood and other abortion providers from their medicaid programs , passing on a pair of cases that would have served as the first major abortion test for the court ’ s new conservative majority . newline_char thomas , suggesting most of his colleagues were fearful of taking up a challenge involving planned parenthood , asserted the cases were n't about abortion rights but whether individuals have a right to challenge a state ’ s decision to cut a particular provider from its medicaid program . newline_char chief justice john roberts and the newest justice , brett kavanaugh , joined the court 's four liberal jurists in turning away a pair of petitions from kansas and louisiana seeking the ban on abortion providers . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag 25 : abortion cases offer test for the supreme court " what explains the court ’ s refusal to do its job here ? newline_char supporters of planned parenthood demonstrated in seattle this summer to protest brett kavanaugh 's nomination to the supreme court . newline_char the court ’ s refusal to hear the case represents a setback for conservative interest groups in many states that have sought aggressive action against planned parenthood and abortion providers in general . newline_char three of the court 's conservatives – associate justices clarence thomas , samuel alito and neil gorsuch – dissented and said the court should have taken up the issue . newline_char despite its new , more conservative tilt , the court let stand federal appeals court rulings that allowed the reproductive health organization 's patients to contest laws in louisiana and kansas that stripped its medicaid funds .
