iss scientists broke a four-decade-long informal ban on lsd research yesterday when they announced the results of a study in which cancer patients received the drug to curb their anxiety about death . newline_char a year after the sessions ceased , the patients who had received a full dose of lsd — 200 micrograms — experienced a 20 percent improvement in their anxiety levels . newline_char the researchers used the semisynthetic psychedelic drug to facilitate discussions about the cancer patients ' fears of dying . newline_char the patients who took lsd , most of whom were terminally ill , experienced 10-hour-long supervised " trips . newline_char " these periods of distress are regarded as therapeutically valuable because they allow patients to address their memories and the emotions they evoke . newline_char " because of the small number of study participants , the researchers are reluctant to make any conclusive statements about the lsd treatment 's effectiveness . newline_char the patients underwent 30 such trips over the course of two months . newline_char but the fact that the study took place at all bodes well for psychedelic drug research , as the drug caused no serious side effects . story_separator_special_tag lsd psychedelic psycholytic therapy hallucinogen anxiety disorder search for similar articles you may search for similar articles that contain these same keywords or you may modify the keyword list to augment your search . newline_char lsd , psychedelic , psycholytic therapy , hallucinogen , anxiety disorder related videos data is temporarily unavailable . newline_char username or email : password : remember me forgot password ? newline_char email : password sent link to reset your password has been sent to specified email address . newline_char an email with instructions to reset your password will be sent to that address . newline_char to protect your most sensitive data and activities ( like changing your password ) , we 'll ask you to re-enter your password when you access these services . newline_char dependency in adult patients following early maternal bereavement .
