esident obama makes a statement on the situation in iraq and in ferguson , mo. newline_char " story : governor vows a 'different tone ' on ferguson 's streets story : michael brown had no criminal record , police say the president called on local police to be " open and transparent " about their investigation of brown 's death . newline_char , called the weekend death of 18-year-old michael brown a tragedy , and urged police and protesters in ferguson , mo. story_separator_special_tag " mcculloch noted that no one was seriously injured in the effort led by county police chief jon belmar until nixon handed control of the ferguson over to the state agency on thursday . newline_char louis county police control of the ferguson situation with the missouri state highway patrol . story_separator_special_tag ferguson , a mostly black town of 21,000 with a predominantly white police force that has been accused of racial profiling in the past , was bracing for a fifth straight night of protests on thursday after a police officer shot and killed 18-year-old michael brown last weekend . newline_char u.s. president barack obama delivers a statement on the shooting in ferguson , missouri and the situation in iraq from his vacation on martha 's vineyard , massachusetts august 14 , 2014 . newline_char a mother and daughter raise their hands in front of riot police while protesting the shooting death of teenager michael brown , in ferguson , missouri august 13 , 2014 . newline_char a police officer aims his weapon at a demonstrator protesting the shooting death of teenager michael brown , in ferguson , missouri august 13 , 2014 . newline_char a police officer holds his riot gun while demonstrators protest the shooting death of teenager michael brown in ferguson , missouri august 13 , 2014 . newline_char captain ron johnson , who grew up in ferguson , told reporters he would take a new approach after complaints that police have used heavy-handed tactics , arresting dozens of protesters and using teargas and pepper pellets to break up crowds .
