tory_separator_special_tag while some attribute president donald trump ’ s electoral victory to comey ’ s investigation of clinton , trump abruptly fired the fbi director less than five months into his presidency . newline_char comey had served as fbi director since 2013 , when he was appointment by president barack obama , until he was terminated by trump in may 2017 . newline_char chris christie > occupation : governor of new jersey governor of new jersey and contender for the 2016 republican presidential nomination chris christie has the lowest approval ratings of any governor in the country and in the history of the garden state . newline_char james comey > occupation : director of the fbi james comey has been a controversial figure since the middle of the 2016 presidential election . newline_char anthony scaramucci > occupation : white house communications director over the nearly five decades that the position of the white house director of communications has existed , no tenure has been shorter than that of anthony scaramucci . newline_char mark fields > occupation : ceo of ford motor company mark fields , formerly chief executive of ford motor company , is one of several high profile ceos who were shown the door in 2017 . newline_char the white house has since provided multiple conflicting justifications for comey ’ s firing . newline_char scaramucci ’ s tenure in trump ’ s cabinet was tumultuous despite being short . newline_char in the end , trump decided not to include christie in his cabinet , possibly because christie was damaged goods . newline_char trump did name christie to head his transition team , but eventually replaced him with mike pence . newline_char tiger woods > occupation : professional golfer with 14 major wins to his name , including four masters tournaments and three u.s . newline_char comey garnered even more ire when , in an apparent break with bureau protocol , he announced candidate clinton was the subject of an fbi investigation only days before the election .
