in january 2008 , the new republic ran my story reporting the contents of monthly newsletters that paul published throughout the 1980s and 1990s . newline_char while paul ’ s views on israel certainly place him outside the american , never mind republican , mainstream , there is an even more elementary reason the rjc was right to exclude him from its event . newline_char paul ’ s exclusion caused an uproar , with critics alleging that his stand on israel had earned the rjc ’ s ire ; an absolutist libertarian , paul opposes foreign aid to all countries , including the jewish state . newline_char ” the republican jewish coalition announced this month that congressman ron paul would not be among the six guests invited to participate in its republican presidential candidates forum . newline_char chris mcgreal of the guardian reported that paul “ was barred because of his views on israel. newline_char ron paul would be actively anti-israel or anti-semitic , ” wrote reason editor matt welch . newline_char it is paul ’ s lucrative and decades-long promotion of bigotry and conspiracy theories , for which he has yet to account fully , and his continuing espousal of extremist views , that should make him unwelcome at any respectable forum , not only those hosted by jewish organizations . story_separator_special_tag ) when the newsletter controversy came up again during the 2008 campaign , paul explained that he did n't actually write the newsletters but because they carried his name he was morally responsible for their content . newline_char in 1996 when the texas monthly investigated the newsletters , paul took responsibility for them and said that certain things were taken out of context . story_separator_special_tag paul joked that representative michele bachmann of minnesota , a republican rival for the nomination , “ hates muslims , she wants to go get them. newline_char paul , who is a physician , had said his political persuasion as a libertarian precluded him from harboring such biased views because “ i don ’ t see people in collective groups.
