cey spears pleads not guilty to poisoning 5-year-old son to death in westchester county monica miller reports playpause spears , who had been staying with family in kentucky , turned herself in to westchester county police tuesday after an indictment against her was handed up and police obtained an arrest warrant . newline_char at the request of doctors , the state office of children and family services had already launched an investigation into whether spears was harming her son before garnett died jan. newline_char spears often blogged about garnett ’ s deteriorating medical condition . newline_char prosecutors on tuesday said spears fed her son lethal amounts of salt and that the mother had conducted internet research about the effects salt would have on the boy . story_separator_special_tag assistant district attorney doreen lloyd explains evidence as to how garnett spears died during her argument against bail during lacey spears ' arraignment at the westchester county courthouse . newline_char ( video by joe larese/the journal news ) joe larese/the journal news earlier in the day , spears ' head was bowed as she walked into the back door of westchester county police headquarters in hawthorne , escorted by detectives . newline_char lacey spears pleaded not guilty tuesday to murder and manslaughter charges in the poisoning death of her five-year-old son , garnett . newline_char buy photo lacey spears , 26 , enters state supreme court on tuesday , to be arraigned on murder and manslaughter charges in the death of her five-year-old son , garnett . newline_char kramer investigation : truth , lies and lacey spears 'losing garnett the great ' : read all five parts of the original series lloyd said prosecutors know from computer records that spears had searched the internet to research what the effects of salt would be on her son . newline_char assistant district attorney doreen lloyd presented the government 's case , focusing on spears ' time at nyack hospital between jan.
