sspeptin the molecule of puberty and sexual fertility paul may university of bristol molecule of the month september 2010 also available : jsmol version . newline_char kisspeptin is a protein that when released from the brain triggers the cascade of biochemical changes that leads to puberty , turning children into adults . newline_char adolescents who lack a functioning kisspeptin system fail to achieve puberty . newline_char however , the exact nature of the hormones was n't fully understood until a few years ago , when kisspeptin was discovered . story_separator_special_tag the hormone kisspeptin can enhance activity in brain regions associated with sexual arousal and romantic love , according to new research . newline_char in an mri scanner the men were shown a variety of images , including sexual and non-sexual romantic pictures of couples , whilst researchers scanned their brains to see how kisspeptin affected the brain 's responses . newline_char kisspeptin is a naturally occurring hormone that stimulates the release of other reproductive hormones inside the body . newline_char the scientists behind the early-stage study , from imperial college london , are now keen to explore whether kisspeptin could play a part in treating some psychosexual disorders - sexual problems which are psychological in origin , and commonly occur in patients with infertility . story_separator_special_tag our data suggest a potential role for kisspeptin as an important neuromodulator , linking sexual and emotional brain processing with the reproductive axis . newline_char in this study , we demonstrate that the reproductive hormone kisspeptin enhances limbic brain activity specifically in response to sexual and bonding stimuli and that these responses correlate with psychometric measures of sexual and emotional processing . story_separator_special_tag now scientists at imperial college london have found that an injection of kisspeptin can trigger chemicals in the brain which occur when people feel amorous and aroused . newline_char mental viagra ’ is on the horizon after scientists discovered that a hormone which surges during puberty can activate lust signals in the brain . story_separator_special_tag 
