t cops cuffed hadley again in july , after police claimed she was posing as diaz in craigslist ads soliciting “ rape fantasies. newline_char hadley was finally released from jail in october , when prosecutors were already reexamining diaz ’ s accusations . newline_char hadley was first arrested in june 2016 , when police accused her of violating a restraining order obtained by diaz , who also goes by the name angela connell . newline_char orange county prosecutors say 30-year-old michelle hadley was framed . newline_char she was also charged with one count of perjury for lying in a petition for a restraining order against hadley . newline_char but authorities would soon learn that diaz was sending herself the threatening emails , which included links to graphic images of dead and decapitated human beings , as well as aborted fetuses , rackauckas said . story_separator_special_tag instead , another woman -- identified as 31-year-old angela maria diaz of phoenix , arizona -- faces a slew of charges after allegedly framing hadley for stalking and attempted rape , the da 's office said in a news release . newline_char diaz , is the dismissal of the previous complaint and full exoneration of michelle hadley , ” rackauckas said in the release . newline_char but on monday , district attorney tony rackauckas announced that hadley was the victim in the case . newline_char " at a news conference , rackauckas described hadley as an " innocent victim of a diabolical scheme . newline_char " obviously , this has been a huge nightmare for me , " hadley said . newline_char hadley walked out of court in fullerton monday after the case against her was dismissed . newline_char michelle hadley , 30 , was behind bars for several months following her arrest in july , according to inmate records . newline_char hadley is an innocent victim of a diabolical scheme. newline_char hadley had a relationship with the same man , described over the summer by the da 's office as an agent with the u.s . story_separator_special_tag 
