( associated press ) washington ( ap ) — seeking to avert a government shutdown , republican leaders drove a bill blocking planned parenthood 's federal funds through the house on friday , hoping to contain conservatives ' demands for a politically risky showdown with president barack obama by striking a quick blow against abortion . story_separator_special_tag nearly everyone in house and senate leadership recognizes a simple reality : at some point in the next two weeks , they will move on a bill free of provisions to strip planned parenthood of its government funding . story_separator_special_tag washington ( ap ) — republicans pushed bills targeting planned parenthood and curbing some abortion procedures toward house passage friday , with party leaders hoping the legislation will help mollify fractious conservatives demanding a face-off with president barack obama that could trigger a federal shutdown . newline_char . ( associated press ) neither measure has much chance of becoming law , since democrats have the votes to block them in the senate and the white house has threatened vetoes . story_separator_special_tag demands from house conservatives that even a short-term continuing resolution ( cr ) funding the government block money for planned parenthood . newline_char ” the top democrats sought to present a united front in the contentious budget battle , even as reid and pelosi extended an olive branch to their republican counterparts , senate majority leader mitch mcconnell ( ky. newline_char ) made the announcement after meeting at the white house with obama and house minority leader nancy pelosi ( d-calif. story_separator_special_tag the house passed two abortion-related bills friday , including one that would strip federal health-care funding from planned parenthood for one year , but it remains unclear whether the votes would appease conservatives who have threatened a government shutdown over the organization . newline_char the u.s. house of representatives voted friday , sept.18 to defund planned parenthood for a one-year period .
