tt romney swept to the republican presidential nomination tuesday night at a storm-delayed national convention scripted to propel him into a close race for the white house in tough economic times . newline_char ann romney , wife of u.s. republican presidential candidate mitt romney , looks over the main stage during a sound check at the republican national convention in tampa , fla. newline_char ( associated press ) ann romney , wife of republican presidential candidate , former massachusetts gov . newline_char mitt romney talks with staff after boarding his flight for tampa on tuesday , aug. newline_char mitt romney hands out cookies during a flight to tampa , tuesday , aug. newline_char to send romney and ticketmate paul ryan into the fall campaign , the convention quickly approved a conservative  newline_char hong ) ( associated press ) california casts their votes for presidential candidate mitt romney during the republican national convention in tampa , fla. newline_char . ( associated press ) new jersey governor chris christie , right , stands on the main stage in the tampa tribune forum before the start of the republican national convention in tampa , fla. newline_char ( ap photo/evan vucci ) ( associated press ) texas delegate clint moore and the rest of texas delegates fashion their cowboy hats at the republican national convention in tampa , fla. newline_char ( ap photo/evan vucci ) ( associated press ) republican presidential candidate , former massachusetts gov . newline_char . ( associated press ) delegates from the state of georgia applaud after casting their votes for presidential candidate mitt romneyduring the republican national convention in tampa , fla. newline_char republican mockery of president barack obama began almost instantly from the podium at a convention postponed once and dogged still by hurricane isaac . newline_char ( ap photo/charlie neibergall ) ( associated press ) the former massachusetts governor watched on television with his wife , ann , at a hotel suite across the street from the convention hall as delegates sealed his hard-won victories in the primaries and caucuses of last winter . story_separator_special_tag 
