ap photo/steve cannon ) ( associated press ) tallahassee , florida ( ap ) — a liberal florida democrat pulled off an upset victory while president donald trump 's favored candidate cruised to an easy win tuesday , setting up a fierce showdown for the governor 's mansion in the nation 's largest political battleground . newline_char tallahassee mayor andrew gillum , an unabashed progressive , won the democratic primary , moving him a step away from becoming the state 's first black governor . newline_char gillum 's primary victory could help democrats boost enthusiasm among minorities who often do n't vote in large numbers in years when a presidential candidate is n't on the ballot . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag the tallahassee mayor will face jacksonville congressman ron desantis , who easily defeated state agriculture commissioner adam putnam thanks to the backing of president donald trump . newline_char andrew gillum has become the first african-american nominee for florida governor , pulling off an upset win over favorite gwen graham and two big-spending businessmen in a crowded democratic primary field . newline_char gillum , 39 , had difficulty raising money for his campaign after the revelation that the fbi was investigating tallahassee city government . story_separator_special_tag desantis and gillum will face each other in november 's general election . newline_char gillum , tallahassee ’ s progressive mayor backed by the democratic-socialist sanders , shocked observers with his win , as graham , the daughter of newline_char ron desantis , defeated state agriculture commissioner adam putnam in florida ’ s republican gubernatorial primary on tuesday after riding the wave of the president 's enthusiastic endorsement to victory . newline_char meanwhile , the bernie sanders-backed tallahassee mayor andrew gillum pulled off a major upset in defeating a half a dozen rivals , including former rep. newline_char " such a fantastic win for ron desantis and the people of the great state of florida , " trump tweeted .
