raine withdrew troops from the embattled strategic railway hub of debaltseve early wednesday after pro-russia rebels overran the town in what kiev and western officials called a violation of a fragile , european-brokered cease-fire . story_separator_special_tag earlier , russian foreign minister sergei lavrov insisted the rebels ' actions in debaltseve had not violated the ceasefire because it was a rebel-held city when the peace agreement was signed last week . newline_char the withdrawal came after russian president vladimir putin urged ukraine 's troops in debaltseve to surrender . newline_char media playback is unsupported on your device media caption president poroshenko met with troops who withdrew from debaltseve the ukrainian president says his forces are making an " organised " withdrawal from the embattled town of debaltseve . newline_char rebels have claimed that hundreds of ukrainian troops were killed in clashes around the city , but mr poroshenko denied this . newline_char 'brutal violation ' president poroshenko said in a statement : " debaltseve was under our control , there was no encirclement , and our troops left the area in a planned and organised manner . newline_char media playback is unsupported on your device media caption footage of debaltseve captured by a drone showed evidence of shelling eyewitnesses saw dozens of tanks and columns of weary ukrainian troops retreating from debaltseve on wednesday . newline_char image copyright reuters image caption the ukrainian troops appeared weary and dirty as they withdrew from the besieged city image copyright epa image caption some 7,000 civilians are said to have been trapped in the debaltseve area during recent fighting international observers monitoring the truce have been unable to enter debaltseve . newline_char in nearby fields , mortars and multiple rocket launchers fired back at the rebels - providing cover for those still trying to leave debaltseve . newline_char mr poroshenko visited the soldiers who had left debaltseve in the town of artemivsk on wednesday .
