tory_separator_special_tag ( photo : town of paradise ) paradise police say they will pursue criminal charges against a camp fire cleanup worker who posted photos of himself in destroyed properties that some are calling disrespectful . newline_char " a spokesman for pg & e , paul doherty , said freestone has been removed from camp fire cleanup . newline_char rob freestone appears to have posted several facebook photos from camp fire cleanup sites that drew outrage from social media users . newline_char freestone appears to have posted several inflammatory images on his facebook page while working in the camp fire area . newline_char " freestone was fired from his job at bigge crane and rigging co. newline_char the man , identified by police as rob freestone , worked on cleanup efforts as a third-party contractor for pacific gas and electric co. newline_char but since freestone was operating outside of his responsibility of a cleanup worker when taking the photos , gates said those rules might not protect freestone . newline_char more : crews work to prevent debris from washing down five shasta county creeks post-carr fire one possibility , gates said , includes freestone being charged for being in an evacuated area . newline_char paradise police public information officer matt gates said his department learned of the situation early saturday morning after seeing posts on social media . story_separator_special_tag photos posted saturday to the facebook page of the town of paradise , which was destroyed by the deadly camp fire that killed 88 people , showed workers posing with damaged property . newline_char bigge said freestone had been removed from the camp fire recovery effort . newline_char ” “ bigge regrets that the residents of paradise and butte county have suffered an egregious insult ” during an already devastating time , the company added . newline_char ” “ this is unacceptable and reprehensible behavior , ” the town of paradise wrote on its facebook page , adding that the paradise police department was looking into criminal charges .
