milah willingham ’ s story the assault on january 16 , 2011 , third-year harvard law student kamilah willingham ( kw ) reported to the harvard office of sexual assault and responses that she and her friend ( ab ) were sexually assaulted during the early morning hours of january 15 , 2011 by fellow harvard law student brandon winston ( bw ) . story_separator_special_tag winston and his lawyer were willing to go to stop the public from seeing this film . newline_char the accusation eventually resulted in a conviction for misdemeanor nonsexual assault against a student , brandon winston , who was not named in the film , but was named in the professors ’ letter . newline_char winston ’ s threat of legal action came a week after 19 harvard professors attacked “ the hunting ground , ” saying it distorted the university ’ s handling of a sexual assault claim . story_separator_special_tag two days before cnn is set to debut the hunting ground , an attorney for former florida state university and current tampa bay buccaneers quarterback jameis winston is warning the cable news network that its documentary about college campus rapes is defamatory . newline_char winston are false and defamatory to mr. newline_char as kinsman and winston duel with each other in court — she 's suing him for sexual battery , he 's brought counterclaims for tarnishing his image — the hunting ground has lurked in the background after premiering at the  newline_char jameis winston says he 's prepared to sue if the cable news network goes ahead and airs the documentary accusing him of rape . story_separator_special_tag in the film , erica kinsman accuses winston of committing sexual assault during his time on the football team at florida state university , a claim his lawyer says is defamatory . newline_char a lawyer for tampa bay buccaneers quarterback jameis winston threatened to sue cnn if it aired the film on sunday night . newline_char kinsman has filed a lawsuit against winston , accusing him of forcible rape in 2012 .
