ory highlights law says doctors ca n't perform abortions without admitting privileges in nearby hospitals planned parenthood files suit the judge sides with the group the restraining order will stay in place until another hearing next week a wisconsin federal judge has granted a temporary restraining order preventing the state from enforcing a new and restrictive abortion law . newline_char opponents of the wisconsin legislation allege that restrictions in the law would force the closing of several abortion clinics , and that the law is simply a way to make access to abortions more difficult . newline_char u.s. district judge william conley granted the hold monday after the planned parenthood of wisconsin filed suit . newline_char judge conley questioned that contention , saying , " the current system already handles efficiently the very low percentage of women seeking abortions with serious complications . story_separator_special_tag in court monday afternoon , pines pointed to the wisconsin medical society 's opposition to the law , saying that key doctors groups had publicly said the law is not needed to protect women 's health . newline_char yes no vote view results yes : 65 % no : 35 % total responses : 3280 by of the madison — after a hastily called hearing , a federal judge monday put a 10-day freeze on a new state law requiring doctors who perform abortions to have hospital-admitting privileges . newline_char without conley 's action , one clinic would have had to cancel 30 abortions or related appointments , with additional cancellations also needed at the other two clinics , attorneys for the plaintiffs said monday . newline_char " conley 's ruling does not affect a separate provision of the new law requiring women to undergo an ultrasound before having an abortion . newline_char backers of the law , which also requires women seeking abortions to get ultrasounds , have said the measure could benefit both fetuses and pregnant women and the law will ultimately be upheld by the courts .
