revisiae genotypes from each of these regional sub-populations that span and represent the genetic diversity within each region . story_separator_special_tag the previously overlooked vintner , a type of yeast called saccharomyces cerevisiae , makes a “ small but significant ” contribution to a wine ’ s flavour and taste , scientists reported in the journal scientific reports . newline_char “ i was surprised that we detected any signal at all from these geographically different yeast populations in the aroma profile of the wine — i thought we would not , ” co-author matthew goddard of the university of lincoln in england told afp . newline_char then they tested whether these genetic differences influenced the taste and smell of wine . story_separator_special_tag mat goddardthe distinct regional conditions , or terroir , in which grapes are grown are thought to shape a wine ’ s character . newline_char now , researchers in auckland , new zealand , have confirmed that at least one aspect of terroir—local differences in yeast strains—does indeed alter the outcome of sauvignon blanc fermentation . newline_char “ the take-home message of this paper is that different strains of yeast used to ferment grapes impart a specific chemistry to the wine , ” said microbiologist jack gilbert of the argonne national laboratory in illinois who was not involved in the work . newline_char ” goddard ’ s auckland-based team first identified and isolated the six major related strains of the yeast saccharomyces cerevisiae present at each of six new zealand wine-producing regions . newline_char ” grape must—the freshly crushed fruit , seeds , skins , and stems of harvested vines—can be turned into wine either by inoculating with a pure yeast culture or by allowing the microbes naturally present on the fruit to carry out spontaneous fermentation . newline_char “ the wine community understands that yeast play a role [ in terroir ] —that the yeast on the plant could be giving a particular strain of merlot grown in two different locations two different flavors , ” he added , but there was no formal proof .
