00013e-8587-d0c4-a93e-dfdf17500000 awards season ( which is less a season than the half of the year between september and march ) is upon us , and indiewire is offering up our annual charts of predictions for the grand daddy of them all : the oscars . newline_char best picture best director best actor best actress best supporting actor best supporting actress best original screenplay best adapted screenplay best foreign language film best documentary feature best animated feature best cinematography best film editing best production design best costume design best original score best original song best visual effects best sound editing sign up here for indiewire 's awards season newsletter and receive a twice-weekly email roundup of our awards stories , hand-picked by our editors from across the indiewire network , plus additional coverage in the final run up to the oscars . story_separator_special_tag choosing degeneres , known for her kindler , gentler humor , signals that the academy 's next awards show will have a decidedly different tone than the 85th academy awards , hosted by seth macfarlane , who drew criticism for routines like his song about actresses ' nudity on film . newline_char photos : a day in the life of ellen degeneres degeneres ' announcement comes immediately after cheryl boone isaacs was elected new president of the academy on tuesday . newline_char ellen degeneres will host this year 's oscars . newline_char in april , it rehired producers craig zadan and neil meron to produce next year 's 86th academy awards , which will air march 2 on abc . story_separator_special_tag zadan and meron made no mention of ratings in the press release announcing degeneres as oscars host : " we are thrilled to have ellen degeneres host the oscars , " the duo said in a statement . newline_char degeneres has experience hosting the academy awards : she previously served as emcee during the 2007 ceremony . newline_char ellen degeneres will host the oscars . newline_char @ theellenshow ellen degeneres it 's official : i 'm hosting the # oscars ! newline_char " i am so excited to be hosting the oscars for the second time , " degeneres said in a press release announcing the big news . newline_char " that degeneres was chosen as host should please critics who were unhappy with this year 's master of ceremonies , seth macfarlane .
