shington ( cnn ) the supreme court rejected the trump administration 's request friday to stop a lawsuit brought by youths who are seeking to hold the government accountable for failing to do enough to fight climate change . story_separator_special_tag ( andy nelson/ap ) the supreme court on friday night refused to halt a novel lawsuit filed by young americans that attempts to force the federal government to take action on climate change , turning down a request from the trump administration to stop it before trial . newline_char and it left open the possibility that the government could return to the supreme court . newline_char the court ’ s three-page order said the government should seek relief from the u.s. court of appeals for the 9th circuit . newline_char 29 , 2018 , to support a climate change lawsuit brought by 21 young people against the federal government in 2015 . newline_char 2 , the u.s. supreme court refused a federal government request to disallow the lawsuit . story_separator_special_tag a group of children and young people are suing the us government ( shown here with lawyer julia olson ) to force stronger action on climate change.credit : robin loznak/zuma wire a landmark climate-change lawsuit brought by young people against the us government can proceed , the supreme court said on 2 november . newline_char in its 2 november order , the supreme court suggested that a federal appeals court should consider the administration 's arguments before any trial starts in the oregon district court . newline_char although the supreme court has now denied the trump administration 's request to the dismiss the case , the path ahead is unclear . newline_char “ the youth of our nation won an important decision today from the supreme court that shows even the most powerful government in the world must follow the rules and process of litigation in our democracy , ” said julia olson , co-counsel for the plaintiffs , in a statement reacting to the supreme court decision .
