iver ’ s clients pj cagnina and scott peterson filed a lawsuit tuesday alleging multiple instances of harassment . newline_char ” oliver says both his clients were hooters ’ managers at multiple locations around the southland , including downtown los angeles , costa mesa , and hollywood . newline_char ” neither men work for hooters anymore and could not speak with cbs2 on-camera wednesday night , but oliver says this is not just about money , but is to want to make sure this kind of behavior doesn ’ t happen again . story_separator_special_tag the lawsuit filed on behalf of paul " pj " cagnina and scott peterson against hooters and rick leukert states that peterson was fired , but is unclear on cagnina 's current status with the company . newline_char leukert once started an executive store meeting by asking cagnina if he " had been impregnating any hooters ' girls lately " and suggested he was the father of an expectant company employee 's baby , the suit alleges . newline_char leukert once took the cellphone of a female hooters general manager cagnina was dating and viewed " private , intimate photos " of the plaintiff on the device , the complaint alleges . newline_char leukert also sent peterson photos of a female co-worker with whom he claimed to have slept and also told him about a two-year relationship he had with another woman employee , the suit alleges . newline_char the suit filed tuesday in los angeles superior court seeks unspecified damages , as well as a court order directing hooters to stop allowing sexual harassment and retaliation in the workplace . newline_char peterson alleges leukert repeatedly touched him in an inappropriate way and talked about him in a sexually demeaning manner during meetings of general managers . newline_char after a bikini contest at the hooters in costa mesa , leukert " threw mr. newline_char " according to the complaint , leukert was cagnina 's supervisor and ceo at various locations where the plaintiff worked , including hollywood .
