sters nazila sharaf , 35 , and lida sharaf , 33 , appeared in a pleasanton courtroom thursday afternoon , a day after they were arrested at their homes in dublin and mountain house on felony child abuse charges . newline_char pleasanton -- two sisters facing charges they endangered infants ' lives by binding them too tightly in swaddling blankets at a livermore preschool are both expecting babies of their own , family members said thursday after a court hearing . newline_char " the sisters were arraigned on three counts of felony child abuse and neglect and four counts of misdemeanor child abuse and neglect , stemming from an investigation by livermore police into their care of infants at universal preschool llc , at 1040 florence road . story_separator_special_tag both sisters are pregnant and expecting their second child . newline_char the sisters have been released from custody after posting $ 340,000 bail each . newline_char two sisters in northern california facing charges that they endangered infants ' lives by binding them too tightly in swaddling blankets have pleaded not guilty . story_separator_special_tag baby born under napa bridge more : sisters arrested for allegedly binding babies during naptime turns out that lida sharaf lost a license to operate a preschool in 2010 on a similar swaddling offense , investigators said . newline_char universal preschool , formerly known as sunnyside infant and preschool center , in livermore two sisters facing charges that they endangered infants ' lives by binding them too tightly in swaddling blankets have pleaded not guilty in alameda county superior court . newline_char at universal preschool llc at 1040 florence road in livermore , the sisters reportedly threw blankets over infants ' faces and used " heavy-duty knots " to swaddle the infants , the news source reported . newline_char the school , of which nazila sharaf was the owner , is now closed , following a surprise march 12 investigation that revealed improper swaddling .
