related : the twitter resistance : fighting trump one tweet at a time twitter declined to comment beyond the legal filing . newline_char the trump administration is trying to force twitter to unmask at least one anti-trump account , according to a new lawsuit . newline_char according to the lawsuit , an agent with the u.s. customs and border protection ( cbp ) faxed a summons to twitter last month requesting the user 's account login , phone number , mailing address and ip address . newline_char in addition to criticizing the trump administration , the @ alt_uscis account claimed to reveal improprieties with the cbp and u.s. immigration and customs enforcement . story_separator_special_tag twitter has launched a lawsuit against the trump administration , after the department of homeland security sought to unmask an anonymous user of an anti-trump account . newline_char according to twitter ’ s suit , filed today in northern california district court , us customs and border protection has attempted to use a “ limited-purpose investigatory tool ” to unmask the owner of the twitter account “ @ alt_uscis. newline_char ” the account , one of several “ alt ” or “ rogue ” government accounts that appeared in the wake of trump ’ s ascent to the presidency , was used “ to express public criticism of the department and the current administration , ” according to twitter ’ s complaint . story_separator_special_tag san francisco ( reuters ) - twitter inc on thursday filed a federal lawsuit to block an order by the u.s. government demanding that it reveal who is behind an account opposed to president donald trump ’ s tough immigration policies . newline_char " the rights of free speech afforded twitter 's users and twitter itself under the first amendment of the u.s. constitution include a right to disseminate such anonymous or pseudonymous political speech , " twitter said in the lawsuit . newline_char the account is claimed to be the work of at least one federal immigration employee , according to the lawsuit filed in san francisco federal court .
