mocracy alliance donors gave or pledged more than $ 14 million to super pacs and secret-money nonprofits this year after a vigorous debate about whether democrats should participate in the wave of unlimited political spending that republicans rode to control of the house of representatives in 2010 . newline_char chuck schumer and top white house aides spoke at a three-day secret meeting of major democratic donors and officials from liberal outside groups gearing up for 2014 , politico has learned . newline_char text size - + reset allen on democratic super pacs shortly after election day , house minority leader nancy pelosi , new york sen. newline_char some of the left ’ s biggest traditional donors argued that joining the big money fight would be akin to condoning the recent court decisions that sparked it — most notably the supreme court ’ s citizens united ruling , which democrats up to and including obama decried as facilitating a corporate takeover of democracy . story_separator_special_tag shortly before election day , judges in idaho and montana required the disclosure of contributors to two nonprofit organizations that had drawn the attention of state regulators with their political activity . newline_char the funds were traced to a virginia nonprofit that also does not reveal its donors . newline_char this month , california 's fair political practices commission forced an arizona-based group to reveal the source of $ 11 million it gave for two ballot initiative campaigns . newline_char the federal election commission , which has six members split evenly between the major parties , is frozen in partisan gridlock on questions regarding nonprofit activity . newline_char that triggered a surge of election activity by groups incorporated under the tax code 's section 501 ( c ) 4 as social welfare organizations , which are allowed to engage in issue advocacy . newline_char the pressure in states with stringent campaign finance rules contrasts sharply with the federal level , where nonprofits that spent hundreds of millions of dollars to influence races this year have not been required to disclose their donors .
