tory_separator_special_tag story highlights " it 's dozens and dozens , scores of casualties , " the head of the u.n. security council says about 15,000 to 20,000 civilians have fled to united nations bases in the city , he says state department says u.s. embassy suspending normal operations until further notice sporadic gunfire still rattling juba , diplomats say the death toll from violence in south sudan is " heavy , " the united nations said tuesday , and thousands of people have sought refuge in the organization 's compounds in juba . newline_char " officials at the united nations are " extremely concerned " about the violence , araud said , due to the high number of casualties and because the fighting appears to be between different ethnic groups in south sudan . story_separator_special_tag u.s. citizens in south sudan can obtain the latest security information by contacting the u.s. department of state at southsudanemergencyusc @ state.gov . newline_char u.s. citizens who choose to stay in south sudan despite this warning should review their personal security situation and seriously reconsider their plans to remain . newline_char the embassy is also suspending normal operations until further notice and can not provide routine consular services to u.s. citizens in south sudan . newline_char u.s. citizens who choose to remain in south sudan and seek routine consular services should contact the u.s. embassies in uganda , ethiopia , or kenya . newline_char the u.s. department of state warns u.s. citizens against all travel to the republic of south sudan and recommends that u.s. citizens currently in south sudan depart immediately . newline_char families and friends of u.s. citizens in south sudan can email southsudanemergencyusc @ state.gov with as much of the following information as possible about u.s. citizens in south sudan : name , age or date of birth , passport number , phone number ( s ) or e-mail address ( es ) , current location and status in south sudan .
