ares of boeing are sinking after a fire aboard an empty 787 airplane flown by ethiopian airlines at heathrow airport . newline_char boeing spokesman marc birtel said in an email to the associated press that the company has personnel at looking into the event at heathrow . story_separator_special_tag image caption an area in front of the tail area on the fuselage appeared to be scorched flights have resumed at london 's heathrow airport after a fire on a parked ethiopian airlines boeing 787 dreamliner jet . newline_char production difficulties media playback is unsupported on your device media caption aerial pictures show the plane surrounded by emergency crews a heathrow spokesman said : " heathrow 's runways are now fully open following an earlier fire on board an ethiopian airlines aircraft which the airport 's emergency services attended . newline_char meanwhile , thomson airways said one of its dreamliners travelling to florida returned to manchester airport as a precautionary measure , not connected to the heathrow fire . story_separator_special_tag a fire on an empty boeing 787 dreamliner plane forced heathrow airport to temporarily close both its runways friday . newline_char television images showed nearly a dozen fire trucks on the scene at heathrow and firefighters standing around the ethiopian airlines plane , which was parked on a remote stand . newline_char heathrow said there were no passengers aboard the ethiopian airlines plane , which was parked at a remote stand of the airport , and runways reopened after about an hour . newline_char the dreamliner suffered battery incidents in january , including an emergency landing of one plane and a fire on another . newline_char but the january grounding embarrassed boeing and disrupted schedules at the eight airlines that were flying the planes . newline_char boeing spokesman marc birtel said in an email that the company had personnel on the ground at heathrow and " is working to fully understand and address " the situation .
