huffman high school student is in custody in the fatal shooting of 17-year-old courtlin arrington inside the east birmingham school . newline_char a huffman high school student is in custody in the fatal shooting of 17-year-old courtlin arrington inside the east birmingham school . newline_char initially birmingham police officials said the deadly shooting , which happened inside a classroom as school was dismissing for the day , appeared to be accidental . newline_char police have not identified the student but issued this statement thursday morning : " detectives of the birmingham police department have been working through the night reviewing evidence , video and statements on the tragic incident that took place at huffman high school yesterday . story_separator_special_tag a huffman high school student is in custody in the fatal shooting of 17-year-old courtlin arrington inside the east birmingham school . newline_char a huffman high school student is in custody in the fatal shooting of 17-year-old courtlin arrington inside the east birmingham school . newline_char initially birmingham police officials said the deadly shooting , which happened inside a classroom as school was dismissing for the day , appeared to be accidental . newline_char " initially birmingham police officials said the deadly shooting , which happened inside a classroom as school was dismissing for the day , appeared to be accidental . newline_char he was treated in the emergency room and quickly released into police custody where he was questioned and held overnight in the birmingham city jail . newline_char police have not identified the student but issued this statement thursday morning : " detectives of the birmingham police department have been working through the night reviewing evidence , video and statements on the tragic incident that took place at huffman high school yesterday . story_separator_special_tag a person of interest has been taken into custody after a 17-year-old girl was shot dead at an alabama high school wednesday , police said .
