a staff has been instructed to freeze all its grants ― an extensive program that includes funding for research , redevelopment of former industrial sites , air quality monitoring and education , among other things ― and told not to discuss this order with anyone outside the agency , according to a hill source with knowledge of the situation . newline_char a source who works closely with states and territories on epa grants said they heard from the agency on tuesday evening that a review of grants would be done by friday . newline_char it ’ s also not clear the immediate impact the grant freeze would have on programs across the country , since epa grants are distributed at varying intervals and frequency . newline_char it ’ s unclear whether the freeze is indefinite or temporary as the agency transitions fully to the trump administration ; the senate has not yet confirmed trump ’ s pick for epa administrator , scott pruitt . story_separator_special_tag ( reuters ) “ epa staff have been reviewing grants and contracts information with the incoming transition team , ” an agency spokesperson said in an email tuesday . newline_char ( matt mcclain/ the washington post ) the trump administration has instructed officials at the environmental protection agency to freeze its grants and contracts , a move that could affect everything from state-led climate research to localized efforts to improve air and water quality to environmental justice projects aimed at helping poor communities . story_separator_special_tag one epa employee aware of the freeze said he had never seen anything like it in nearly a decade with the agency . newline_char the substance of the email exchange was confirmed by one senior epa employee with over 20 years at the agency . newline_char the trump administration has imposed a freeze on grants and contracts by the u.s. environmental protection agency , a move that could affect a significant part of the agency ’ s budget allocations and even threaten to disrupt core operations ranging from toxic cleanups to water quality testing , according to records and interviews .
