y rating drivers in line with fitch 's previous statements , the rwn reflects the following key rating drivers and their relative weights : high - the u.s. authorities have not raised the federal debt ceiling in a timely manner before the treasury exhausts extraordinary measures . newline_char key rating drivers in line with fitch 's previous statements , the rwn reflects the following key rating drivers and their relative weights : high - the u.s. authorities have not raised the federal debt ceiling in a timely manner before the treasury exhausts extraordinary measures . newline_char the ratings of all outstanding u.s. sovereign debt securities have also been placed on rwn , as has the u.s. short-term foreign currency rating of 'f1+ ' . newline_char fitch expects to resolve the rwn by the end of q114 at the latest , although timing would necessarily reflect developments and events , including the duration of any agreement to raise the debt ceiling . story_separator_special_tag key rating drivers in line with fitch 's previous statements , the rwn reflects the following key rating drivers and their relative weights : high - the u.s. authorities have not raised the federal debt ceiling in a timely manner before the treasury exhausts extraordinary measures . newline_char key rating drivers in line with fitch 's previous statements , the rwn reflects the following key rating drivers and their relative weights : high - the u.s. authorities have not raised the federal debt ceiling in a timely manner before the treasury exhausts extraordinary measures . newline_char the ratings of all outstanding u.s. sovereign debt securities have also been placed on rwn , as has the u.s. short-term foreign currency rating of 'f1+ ' . newline_char fitch expects to resolve the rwn by the end of q114 at the latest , although timing would necessarily reflect developments and events , including the duration of any agreement to raise the debt ceiling . story_separator_special_tag new york ( marketwatch ) -- fitch ratings put its aaa credit rating of the u.s. on negative watch tuesday , citing the prolonged congressional negotiations over a hike to the borrowing limit .
