 by order of the president february 2 , 2018 january 18 , 2018 to : hpsci majority members from : hpsci majority staff subject : foreign intelligence surveillance act abuses at the department of justice and the federal bureau of investigation purpose this memorandum provides members an update on significant facts relating to the committee ? newline_char cation through this process are extraordinary , the executive branch stands ready to work with congress to accommodate oversight requests consistent with applicable standards and processes , including the need to protect intelligence sources and methods . newline_char as provided by clause 11 ( g ) of rule of the house of representatives , the committee has forwarded this memorandum to the president based on its determination that the release of the memorandum would serve the public interest . newline_char the committee has now determined that the release of the memorandum would be appropriate . newline_char ed information provided to the committee in connection with its oversight activities ( the ? newline_char the executive branch does so on the assumption that the committee will responsibly protect such classi ? newline_char president approves release of gop memo criticizing fbi surveillance the white house washington february 2 , 2018 the honorable devin nunes chairman , house permanent select committee on intelligence united states capitol washington , dc 20515 dear mr. newline_char the committee agreed to send the revised findings and conclusions , and the updated executive summary of the committee study , to the president for declassi ? newline_char s request to release the memorandum is interpreted as a request for declassi ? newline_char cant public interest in the memorandum , the president has authorized the declassi ? newline_char mcgahn ii counsel to the president cc : the honorable paul ryan speaker of the house of representatives the honorable adam schiff ranking member , house permanent select committee on intelligence ssnua declassi ? story_separator_special_tag 
