re than 150,000 gallons of water tainted with toxic air force firefighting chemicals was released into the colorado springs utilities sewer system last week , peterson air force base confirmed tuesday . newline_char the tank that resulted in the unplanned water discharge from a peterson fire training area during a press conference outside the peterson air force base on tuesday , october 18 , 2016 . newline_char the release last week posed no threat to colorado springs drinking water . newline_char the base 's use of the firefighting foam containing the chemical is a key suspect in the contamination of wells in security , widefield and fountain that left thousands of residents scrambling for bottled water . newline_char the tank is part of a system used to recirculate water to the fire training area . newline_char peterson authorities discovered the discharge during a routine tank inspection on october 12 . newline_char the cause has n't been determined , but fred brooks , peterson 's environmental chief , said the holding tank was designed to be difficult to discharge . newline_char the dome shaped tank in the center of this photo held water that contained an elevated level of perfluorinated compounds , a residual component of a firefighting foam historically used at the base for emergency response . story_separator_special_tag u.s. air force officials tuesday disclosed a 150,000-gallon spill of wastewater laced with invisible toxic perfluorinated chemicals , discharged at least six days ago from a tank at peterson air force base , into the colorado springs sewer system . newline_char pfcs at levels exceeding a federal health advisory limit already had contaminated groundwater and public drinking water systems south of colorado springs , an area that is home to an estimated 80,000 people . newline_char the tank was part of a system used to recirculate water to a firefighter training area . newline_char the pfc-laced waste was held in a tank at a firefighter training area on the base , located at the southeastern edge of colorado springs .
