e report says islamic state has access to syrian government passport printing machines and blank passports , raising the possibility the travel documents could be faked , cnn reported , citing a law enforcement source . newline_char reuters/stringer washington a u.s. government agency report has warned that islamic state has the ability to create fake syrian passports , a federal official confirmed on friday . story_separator_special_tag story highlights the report warned that isis has access to passport printing machines and blank passport books ice issued the warning in recent weeks to u.s. law enforcement washington ( cnn ) a new intelligence report shared with law enforcement warns of isis ' ability to create passports utilizing seized syrian government assets , according to a law enforcement official with direct knowledge of the intelligence report 's contents . newline_char the source noted that , beyond the report , there 's concern that this capability coupled with isis access to government buildings in syria that contain valid biographical data and fingerprint info on syrian citizens give rise to the threat of identity theft . story_separator_special_tag the 17-page homeland security investigations ( hsi ) intelligence report , issued to law enforcement last week , says isis likely has been able to print legitimate-looking syrian passports since taking over the city of deir ez-zour last summer , home to a passport office with “ boxes of blank passports ” and a passport printing machine . newline_char with the u.s. and other countries on high alert for isis attacks , american authorities are warning the terror group ’ s followers may have infiltrated american borders with authentic-looking passports isis has printed itself with its own machines , according to an intelligence report obtained by abc news . newline_char former department of homeland security intelligence official and abc news consultant john cohen said , “ if isis has been able to acquire legitimate passports or machines that create legitimate passports , this would represent a major security risk in the united states.
