 said he discovered 43 of the almost 300 students in the class were cheating and reported them to dartmouth ’ s judicial board as a violation of the school ’ s honor code . newline_char dartmouth college accused 64 students of cheating in a sports ethics class last semester , the latest in a string of cases of academic dishonesty involving athletes at elite u.s. colleges . newline_char aine donovan , director of dartmouth ’ s ethics institute , said more students are cheating at colleges , reflecting a culture where students are “ raised with the notion that they are the best , not with the notions of integrity , responsibility and self-sacrifice. newline_char ” the class was designed in part to appeal to athletes at dartmouth , balmer said . newline_char students used a hand-held device known as a clicker to answer questions for classmates who were absent , according to randall balmer , who teaches the class , “ sports , ethics and religion. story_separator_special_tag according to the valley news , 64 dartmouth students have been charged with honor code violations after the school discovered widespread cheating in an ethics course designed to help struggling student-athletes . story_separator_special_tag though balmer said that 43 students — less than the total number of students facing sanctions — handed off their clickers to their peers , some others confessed to him that they had helped their friends cheat . newline_char department of religion chairman randall balmer , who in november accused some of his students of misrepresenting their class attendance , said that “ with a few exceptions , most of the students were suspended for a term. newline_char those students then used the gadgets to answer questions on the absent students ’ behalf to make it appear as though they were present in class , balmer said . newline_char ” he said that he had first sought to resolve the matter outside of the college judicial process , but that academic regulations forced him to report the students .
