associated press ) this undated file photo provided by french police shows 26-year old salah abdeslam , who is wanted by police in connection with recent terror attacks in paris , as police investigations continue friday , ... newline_char police say two suspects in last week 's paris attacks , a man and a woman , have been killed in a police operation north ... story_separator_special_tag ( jenny starrs/the washington post ) the suspected ringleader of the paris attacks was killed wednesday in a massive pre-dawn raid by french police commandos , two senior european officials said , after investigators followed leads that the fugitive islamic state militant was holed up north of the french capital and could be plotting another wave of violence . newline_char gunfire broke out in the northern paris suburb of saint-denis early wednesday as police pursued suspects from the terror attacks of nov. newline_char the dead ­included the suspected overseer of the paris bloodshed , abdel­hamid abaaoud , according to the two senior european officials . newline_char [ live updates from paris and elsewhere ] paris prosecutor françois molins , speaking to reporters hours after the siege , said he could not provide the identities of the people killed at the scene . story_separator_special_tag paris ( afp ) - the fate of abdelhamid abaaoud , the suspected mastermind of the paris attacks , remained unknown wednesday after a massive police assault on his alleged hideout , the city 's prosecutor said . newline_char view gallery paris prosecutor francois molins holds a press conference in paris on november 18 , 2015 ( afp photo/a … the police assault was launched at 4:20am ( 0320 gmt ) , putting saint-denis on lockdown as helicopters buzzed in the sky and snipers took up position on rooftops . newline_char paris prosecutor francois molins outlined a seven-hour raid of an " extreme difficulty " which saw police fire nearly 5,000 rounds of ammunition in a battle with a group holed up in two apartments .
