oard the papal plane ( cnn ) pope francis said sunday that christians owe apologies to gays and others who have been offended or exploited by the church , remarks that some catholics hailed as a breakthrough in the church 's tone toward homosexuality . newline_char " the pope 's comments came in response to a question about a german cardinal who said the catholic church should apologize for being " very negative " about gays . newline_char " as he often does during unscripted moments -- particularly papal news conferences -- the pope spoke expansively , saying the church should seek forgiveness for a number of historical slights committed in its name . newline_char repeating the teaching of the catechism of the catholic church about respecting and not discriminating against gays , pope francis said that one could condemn certain behavior . newline_char the pope was also asked whether christians bear some blame for hatred toward the lgbt community , as horrifically demonstrated in the orlando massacre at a gay night club that killed 49 people on june 12 . story_separator_special_tag image copyright epa image caption pope francis , flanked by vatican spokesman federico lombardi , addressed journalists on the flight back from armenia pope francis has said that the roman catholic church should apologise to gay people for the way it has treated them . newline_char " pope francis said the church should seek forgiveness from those whom it had marginalised . newline_char " in 2013 , pope francis reaffirmed the roman catholic church 's position that homosexual acts were sinful , but homosexual orientation was not . newline_char image copyright epa image caption the pope and armenian patriarch catholicos karekin ii released doves of peace near mt ararat " i think that the church not only should apologise ... newline_char speaking to reporters on his plane returning from armenia , the pope said : " i will repeat what the catechism of the church says , that they [ homosexuals ] should not be discriminated against , that they should be respected , accompanied pastorally .
