n — matthew green ( @ matthew_d_green ) may 24 , 2017 despite the points green raised , it 's still true that various security researchers have been warning manufacturers about pacemakers ' and other cardiac devices ' vulnerabilities for years . newline_char while we 've yet to hear about an incident that has led to a patient 's death , it 's still ideal to make cardiac devices more secure as cyberattacks become more common , elaborate and sophisticated . story_separator_special_tag the u.s. food and drug administration announced this week that medical device company abbott has issued a corrective action for implantable cardiac pacemakers made under the st. newline_char while this update is being treated as a recall , the devices will continue to function as intended “ and replacement of implanted pacemaker devices is not recommended. newline_char ; the company says this firmware update is part of a plan announced in january , and will “ provide an additional layer of security against unauthorized access to these devices. story_separator_special_tag jude medical 's ) implantable cardiac pacemakers , including cardiac resynchronization therapy pacemaker ( crt-p ) devices , provide pacing for slow or irregular heart rhythms . newline_char jude medical implantable cardiac pacemaker medical specialties cardiac electrophysiology , cardiology , cardiothoracic surgery , heart failure devices abbott 's ( formerly st. newline_char for the purposes of this safety communication , cybersecurity focuses on protecting patients ' medical devices and their associated computers , networks , programs , and data from unintended or unauthorized access , change , or destruction . newline_char jude medical implantable cardiac pacemaker cardiologists , electrophysiologists , cardiothoracic surgeons , and primary care physicians treating patients with heart failure or heart rhythm problems using an rf-enabled st. newline_char purpose on august 23 , 2017 , the fda approved a firmware update that is now available and is intended as a recall , specifically a corrective action , to reduce the risk of patient harm due to potential exploitation of cybersecurity vulnerabilities for certain abbott ( formerly st.
