tory_separator_special_tag jeff kramer of the el paso county sheriff 's office said investigators have not ruled anything out , but the shooting could have been related to clements ' job as executive director of the colorado department of corrections . newline_char authorities are also looking for a dark-colored " boxy " car seen near the house of tom clements , 58 , when he was shot around 8:30 p.m. tuesday in monument , north of colorado springs . newline_char the home of the clements family in monument , colorado . newline_char / cbs clements , 58 , was appointed to serve as the head of the doc by governor john hickenlooper in january 2011 after he served for more than three decades in the missouri department of corrections . newline_char et monument , colorado colorado 's top state prison official was shot and killed when he answered the front door of his house , setting off a hunt for the gunman and raising questions about whether the attack had anything to do with his position . story_separator_special_tag about one in three colorado households own a gun , and republicans are hoping the state ’ s hunters and sport shooters , libertarians and social conservatives will punish democrats in next year ’ s state-level elections . newline_char photo advertisement continue reading the main story denver — the wounds and rage from a mass shooting in a colorado movie theater were still raw one morning last july when gov . newline_char conservatives in southwestern colorado have already submitted petitions to recall state representative mike mclachlan , a democrat who supported the gun bills . newline_char ” a decade ago , colorado was loosening concealed-weapons laws and facing court challenges over a law that stripped legal protections for gay residents . newline_char hickenlooper is poised to sign some of the toughest new gun control laws in the nation , capping a journey that has transformed a popular , data-driven western democrat who takes his son shooting into an unlikely frontman for bringing new gun laws into the center of the united states .
