stice ruth bader ginsburg questioned what would happen to the " precious right to vote " with maps like wisconsin 's that lock in a majority for one party . newline_char scott applewhite ) washington - u.s. supreme court justices showed deep divisions tuesday over a gerrymandering case from wisconsin that could have far-reaching national implications . newline_char liberal justices expressed openness to the idea that courts should intervene when lawmakers draw election maps that greatly favor their party . newline_char a three-judge panel last year ruled 2-1 that maps for the wisconsin assembly were so heavily republican that they violated the constitutional rights of democratic voters . story_separator_special_tag the case arose after republicans won majorities in both houses of the wisconsin legislature and captured the governor ’ s office , giving them control over the maps that were drawn after the 2010 census . story_separator_special_tag kennedy ’ s vote is in play on voting maps warped by politics image people including bill millhouser protesting gerrymandering outside the supreme court on tuesday . newline_char justice kennedy asked skeptical questions of lawyers defending a wisconsin legislative map that gave republicans many more seats in the state assembly than their statewide vote tallies would have predicted . newline_char the court was hearing a case based on voting district maps in wisconsin . newline_char after spirited supreme court arguments on tuesday , there was reason to think justice kennedy may be ready to join the court ’ s more liberal members in a groundbreaking decision that could reshape american democracy by letting courts determine when lawmakers have gone too far . newline_char there was something like consensus among the justices that voting maps drawn by politicians to give advantage to their parties are an unattractive feature of american democracy . newline_char kennedy has long been troubled by extreme partisan gerrymandering , where the party in power draws voting districts to give itself a lopsided advantage in elections .
