tory_separator_special_tag historical buildings in jeddah ’ s al-balad area , one of the unesco-listed heritage sites in saudi arabia . newline_char although al-balad has been a unesco cultural heritage site since 2014 , many of its historical buildings have perished due to fire and disrepair . newline_char “ using traditional methods to record and preserve ancient buildings would take a long time , require several teams of people and would also not be precise or accurate , particularly in the case of unique details . newline_char assisting in these efforts is a saudi-based 3d surveying and mapping firm called falconviz , which uses state-of-the-art drone technology and autodesk software to document and register these historical buildings for the preservation of future generations . newline_char many residents moved out of the cramped spaces of al-balad , leaving its more palatial homes and buildings to slow dilapidation . newline_char as wealth from oil began to flow into the saudi economy , the country began a march toward a more gleaming infrastructure complete with modern buildings . newline_char one of the biggest challenges in al-balad is the tight spaces between buildings . newline_char “ autodesk tools like recap , revit , and 3ds max provide us with accurate drawings of sections , elevations , and structures of buildings , ” abdelgawad said . newline_char khaled abdelgawad , director of business development and acting operations manager at falconviz , explained how al-balad has an invaluable archaeological and architectural heritage . newline_char together with drones , an area of particular expertise for falconviz , previously inaccessible areas of al-balad can now be documented for more accurate preservation . newline_char tackling historical buildings from new angles al-balad fully embodies traditional architecture , with its use of cut coral stones and intricately hand-carved “ rawashin ” -style latticed windows . newline_char however , preserving ancient buildings in this historic quarter comes with its own set of obstacles .
