ildren can ingest mercury by coming into contact with the skin of people using these creams . newline_char slowly decomposes inorganic mercury is absorbed through the skin from these creams . newline_char studies from the norwegian food safety authority show there are a number of illegal products available on the market in norway that contain mercury without it being listed among the ingredients . newline_char however , mercury is harmful to health and to the environment and its use is banned in skin creams . newline_char these are small and insignificant sources compared to the contribution that mercury in skin creams gives to those who use it . newline_char several studies show a clear correlation between the use of mercury-containing creams and raised urine levels of mercury . newline_char inorganic mercury inhibits the production of pigment ( melanin ) in the skin and can lighten skin . story_separator_special_tag but as you wade through the beauty aisles , the u.s. food and drug administration cautions that you should avoid skin creams , beauty and antiseptic soaps , and lotions that contain mercury . newline_char how will you know if mercury ’ s in the cosmetic , especially one that ’ s marketed as “ anti-aging ” or “ skin lightening ” ? story_separator_special_tag at least 60 people over the past four years in california have suffered mercury poisoning from using skin creams — many of them homemade — that were brought from mexico , according to the california department of public health , which is advising consumers to avoid using the products . newline_char people who believe they have been exposed to mercury in a skin cream should contact california poison control at ( 800 ) 222-1222 . newline_char analyses of some creams have found mercury levels 200,000 times the california legal limit . newline_char in another case last year , a 16-year-old boy who used a cream for his acne was treated in a pediatric intensive care unit for almost a month for mercury poisoning .
