e world 's major central banks unleashed coordinated action wednesday to ease the increasing strains on the global financial system , a move that sent stock markets up sharply . newline_char the european central bank , u.s. federal reserve , the bank of england and the central banks of canada , japan and switzerland are all taking part in the operation , which is designed to " enhance their capacity to provide liquidity support to the global financial system . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag fears of more financial turmoil in europe have already left some european banks dependent on central bank loans to fund their daily operations . newline_char the world 's major central banks made it easier wednesday for banks to get dollars if they need them , a coordinated move to ease the strains on the global financial system . newline_char the european central bank , u.s. federal reserve , the bank of england and the central banks of canada , japan and switzerland are all taking part in the operation , which is designed to " enhance their capacity to provide liquidity support to the global financial system . story_separator_special_tag in addition , as a contingency measure , the federal open market committee has agreed to establish similar temporary swap arrangements with these five central banks to provide liquidity in any of their currencies if necessary . newline_char these central banks have agreed to lower the pricing on the existing temporary u.s. dollar liquidity swap arrangements by 50 basis points so that the new rate will be the u.s. dollar overnight index swap ( ois ) rate plus 50 basis points . newline_char at present , there is no need to offer liquidity in non-domestic currencies other than the u.s. dollar , but the central banks judge it prudent to make the necessary arrangements so that liquidity support operations could be put into place quickly should the need arise . newline_char as a contingency measure , these central banks have also agreed to establish temporary bilateral liquidity swap arrangements so that liquidity can be provided in each jurisdiction in any of their currencies should market conditions so warrant .
