publican legislation letting states deny federal family planning money to planned parenthood and other abortion providers squeezed narrowly through the senate thursday , rescued by an ailing gop senator who returned to the capitol after back surgery and a tie-breaking vote by vice president mike pence . newline_char in congress ' latest clash mixing the politics of abortion , women 's health and states ' rights , pence cast the decisive vote in a 51-50 roll call . newline_char besides erasing much of obama 's 2010 health care law , the failed house bill would have blocked federal funds for planned parenthood for a year . story_separator_special_tag ( photo : rick bowmer , ap ) washington — vice president pence cast a tie-breaking senate vote thursday to pass legislation that will allow states to withhold federal funds from planned parenthood and other health care providers that perform abortions . newline_char republicans have said the obama rule should be overturned to allow states the right to steer funds away from abortion providers , if they choose . newline_char the measure , which now goes to president trump for his signature , dismisses an obama-era rule banning states from denying federal funds to such organizations . newline_char close the senate was deadlocked at 50 on a procedural vote to bring legislation to cut planned parenthood to the floor . story_separator_special_tag senate republicans were forced to call on vice president pence to pass an antiabortion measure thursday , marking the second time they ’ ve cast a help line to the new administration to move legislation . newline_char the measure , a priority for groups that oppose abortion , would give a thumbs-up to tennessee and other conservative states to resume policies blocking planned parenthood clinics from getting federal funding through the title x family-planning program . newline_char pence delivered the tiebreaking vote on a resolution reversing an obama administration rule that prevented states from withholding family-planning dollars from planned parenthood and other clinics that provide abortions .
