photo : joseph cress/iowa city press-citizen ) mollie tibbetts ' older brother had a request of the hundreds gathered on the university of iowa campus for his sister 's vigil : meet someone you did n't know before , and make a friend . newline_char a university of iowa student talked about how tibbetts gave her the courage and confidence to go  newline_char " tibbetts would have begun her sophomore year at the university of iowa this monday . newline_char iowa city press-citizen jake tibbetts , the brother of mollie tibbetts , speaks during a vigil for mollie tibbetts on wednesday , aug. story_separator_special_tag rivera is accused of killing university of iowa student mollie tibbetts . newline_char cristhian bahena rivera , the 24-year-old immigrant accused of abducting and killing tibbetts , allegedly used a different name and provided false identification when he applied for employment at the farm just outside of brooklyn , his employer said wednesday . newline_char close dane and craig lang say they received threats after revealing they employed cristhian bahena rivera , the man charged in the murder of mollie tibbetts . newline_char rodney white , rodwhite @ dmreg.com cristhian bahena rivera , 24 , is lead from the courtroom after making his initial appearance on a charge of first-degree murder during at the poweshiek county courthouse in montezuma , iowa , on wednesday , aug. newline_char a criminal complaint released tuesday said rivera directed law enforcement to tibbetts ' body . newline_char rivera was charged with first-degree murder tuesday in the july 18 disappearance of tibbetts , whose remains were found in a cornfield in rural poweshiek county . story_separator_special_tag rivera made his initial court appearance wednesday in a rural iowa courthouse on a first-degree murder charge in the death of 20-year-old college student mollie tibbetts . newline_char rivera is charged with first-degree murder in the death of mollie tibbetts , who disappeared july 18 from brooklyn , iowa .
