e cyber espionage group , known as fancy bear , released records on four female american olympic athletes : tennis stars serena and venus williams , gymnastics multi-gold medallist simone biles and basketball player elena delle donne . newline_char the world anti-doping agency ( wada ) has announced that its database was accessed by a russian hacking group , which posted the confidential medical data of several us athletes online on monday . newline_char “ after detailed studying of the hacked wada databases we figured out that dozens of american athletes had tested positive , ” the hackers said in a statement . story_separator_special_tag image copyright ap image caption simone biles ' confidential medical data has been released the world anti-doping agency ( wada ) has condemned russian hackers for leaking confidential medical files of star us olympic athletes . newline_char the hackers accessed records detailing " therapeutic use exemptions " ( tues ) , which allow the use of banned substances due to athletes ' verified medical needs . story_separator_special_tag joining an intercontinental dispute over sports doping , the hackers penetrated the world anti-doping agency ’ s athlete database and publicly revealed private medical information about three of the united states ’ most famous athletes : serena williams , venus williams and simone biles . newline_char russian hackers — possibly the same group that compromised the democratic national committee ’ s computer servers — have made top american athletes their latest target . story_separator_special_tag the world anti-doping agency said tuesday that a russian government hacking group had gained access to a database containing drug-test results and confidential medical data from last month ’ s olympics in rio de janeiro . newline_char on monday , the group began posting confidential information about noteworthy u.s. olympic athletes — tennis stars serena and venus williams , four-time gymnastics gold medalist simone biles and women ’ s basketball standout elena delle donne — and promised more leaks would be forthcoming .
