owing a new conciliatory tone , senate leaders opened congressional business thursday by suggesting that a bipartisan compromise might come soon on a spending measure to keep the government running past friday and a bill to extend a one-year cut in the payroll tax rate paid by 160 million workers . newline_char ” speaking thursday at the white house , president obama said congress must solve the payroll tax issue and get a funding bill in place before adjourning for the holidays . newline_char “ we ’ ve done enough back and forth — the republican leader and me staking out our positions , and our positions are fairly clear to the american people , ” reid said on the senate floor . story_separator_special_tag the endgame at hand , both democratic and republican congressional leaders expressed optimism thursday at prospects for swift compromise to extend social security tax cuts , keep long-term jobless benefits flowing and avoid a threatened partial government shutdown at midnight friday . story_separator_special_tag a two-month extension would “ make sure people continue to get their … payroll tax holiday and also the unemployment benefits and also doctors would be able to continue to do their work on medicare patients , ” senate majority leader harry reid ( d-nev. newline_char payroll , benefits talks continue congressional leaders finalized a deal on thursday to fund the government through next fall and are now considering a short-term extension of a payroll tax holiday and jobless benefits that would affect millions of americans next year . newline_char harry reid says he 's still hoping for a longer-term deal on the payroll tax . story_separator_special_tag democrats , gop make final effort to pass tax bill , stave off government shutdown by erik wasson - the house and senate have begun final negotiations on a $ 1 trillion omnibus . newline_char the omnibus has been a bargaining chip in a separate fight over extending the payroll tax cut extension . newline_char however , senate majority leader harry reid ( d-nev.
