age copyright ap image caption defections across the north-south land border are rare a north korean soldier has defected to the south across the two countries ' heavily armed border , south korean officials have said . newline_char a defence ministry official said six gunshots were heard and guards saw the soldier cross the demarcation line on a western section of the tightly guarded border . newline_char there has been no confirmation of the north korean casualties and no unusual activity observed on the north korean side of the border . newline_char more than 20,000 north koreans have gone to the south in the last 60 years , mostly via china and se asia . story_separator_special_tag in what is apparently the first such incident in nearly two-and-half years , a north korean soldier has defected across the heavily armed land border with the south . newline_char officials say south korean troops at the border heard gunshots , confirmed the north korean soldier 's desire to defect , and escorted him to a guard post . newline_char south korean military officials say a soldier from the north claims he shot and killed his platoon and squad chiefs while on guard duty before defecting across the heavily fortified demilitarized zone . newline_char the joint chiefs of staff in seoul says south korea has increased surveillance along the dmz following the incident and the military has activated its crisis management facility . newline_char under north korea 's collective punishment system , a disloyal act of this magnitude would mean harsh treatment for the soldier 's family , extending for three generations . newline_char the last known incident involving a soldier occurred in march , 2010 . newline_char pinkston points out that soldiers in north korea 's army posted to the border area are scrupulously vetted . newline_char “ those who are stationed in the border area , around the dmz and especially right on the dmz , are those who are considered to be loyal to the regime .
