 graduation rates over time , the chronicle compared graduation rates at public and private research universities in 2002 and 2008 , surveying students who enrolled in 1996 and 2002 , respectively . newline_char below , check out the twelve universities with the highest graduation rates in 2008 , and see the chronicle for a complete list . newline_char among public research universities , the university of virginia had the highest graduation rate in 2008 at 93 percent , followed by the college of william and mary and the university of california-berkeley . newline_char the chronicle also found that 33 percent of universities showed a lower graduation rate in 2008 than in 2002 . newline_char some institutions suggest that the decrease in graduation rates may be a reflection of students taking longer than six years to earn a degree . story_separator_special_tag *some institutions included in the study , such as golden gate university and alliant international university , enrolled few students -- 50 or less -- who were classified as full-time by government criteria and thus eligible for inclusion in the federal survey of graduation rates from 2002 to 2008 . newline_char below are the 12 public and private research universities with lowest graduation rates . newline_char a recently released chronicle of higher education study found that overall , graduation rates at american higher education institutions have declined by 33 percent since 2002 -- with the recession as a likely cause . newline_char see the schools with the highest graduation rates here . newline_char colleges with the lowest graduation rates  story_separator_special_tag analysis : graduation rates fall at one-third of 4-year colleges sortable tables : graduation rates over time , by type of institution : public research | private research | public master 's | private master 's | private baccalaureate arts & sciences we compare here the graduation rates at four-year colleges for the six years ending in 2008 with the rates for the six years ending in 2003 .
