gulations to stay on designated trails and boardwalks in thermal areas are for visitor safety and the safety of the exceptional park natural resources . newline_char a park ranger took the witness ’ s statement , photos , and location of the violation . newline_char park rangers appreciate the willingness of the witness to document and report the violation . story_separator_special_tag ( ap ) — a tourist from china was fined $ 1,000 for walking off a boardwalk at yellowstone national park and collecting thermal water , apparently for medicinal purposes , park officials said wednesday . newline_char park regulations require visitors to stay on trails and boardwalks for their own safety as well as to protect yellowstone 's natural resources . newline_char the man , whose name was not released , reportedly wanted the water for medicinal purposes , said park spokeswoman charissa reid . story_separator_special_tag yellowstone national park tourist fined $ 1,000 for walking off boardwalk a man visiting yellowstone national park left with more than just memories wednesday after he left the boardwalk at the mammoth hot springs area . newline_char according to the park , a witness saw the man step off the boardwalk , walk on the terrace formation near liberty cap and collect thermal water . newline_char regulations to stay on designated trails and boardwalks in thermal areas are for visitor safety and the safety of the exceptional park natural resources . newline_char " regulations to stay on designated trails and boardwalks in thermal areas are for visitor safety and the safety of the exceptional park natural resources . newline_char the hefty fine follows another tourist incident at yellowstone this year in which park visitors loaded a bison into their vehicle because it " looked cold . newline_char a park spokeswoman told the associated press the wanted to water for medical purposes . newline_char > > click the gallery above to see some dumb things tourists have done " park employees call on all visitors to protect their park and protect themselves , " yellowstone park officials said in a news release .
