esident-elect donald trump answers questions from the media during transition team meetings at the mar-a-lago club on dec. newline_char ( ricky carioti/the washington post ) after having repeatedly praised president obama ’ s efforts to ensure a smooth transition , president-elect donald trump reversed course on wednesday , accusing the current occupant of the oval office of putting “ roadblocks ” in his way . newline_char president obama and president-elect donald trump had kind words for each other in the aftermath of the election . newline_char trump ( @ realdonaldtrump ) december 28 , 2016 “ thought it was going to be a smooth transition — not ! newline_char trump also made it clear wednesday that he is perturbed by a number of steps the obama administration is taking in its final weeks related to israel , including a speech that was planned wednesday by secretary of state john f. story_separator_special_tag kerry ’ s greatest success was the historic accord to curtail iran ’ s nuclear development program and a landmark climate change treaty to limit greenhouse gas emissions and slow global warming . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag president-elect donald trump said he had a " nice conversation " with president barack obama wednesday following a string of tweets in which he went so far as to suggest that the sitting president was disrupting the smooth transition of power . newline_char add donald trump as an interest to stay up to date on the latest donald trump news , video , and analysis from abc news . newline_char " asked on a morning conference call to clarify the roadblocks to which trump referred , his pick for white house press secretary , sean spicer , said he would let trump 's tweets " speak for themselves . newline_char interested in donald trump ? newline_char trump also said he will hold a press conference in early january . newline_char " later this evening , trump stepped out again , this time with don king by his side , and emphasized that he had a " good talk " with obama .
