ployees ages 18 to 34 rack up 70 minutes on mobile devices and 48 minutes on personal tasks each work day—the most of all age groups—a total of just under 10 hours per week . newline_char a survey from staffing firm officeteam found the average office employee spends 56 minutes per day using their cell phone at work for non-work activity . newline_char “ it ’ s understandable that employees may occasionally use their mobile devices or attend to personal tasks during business hours . newline_char “ it ’ s understandable that employees may occasionally use their mobile devices or attend to personal tasks during business hours . story_separator_special_tag a survey of professionals by staffing firm officeteam found that office workers squander an average of 56 minutes a day , or nearly five hours a week , using their mobile devices for non-work activities in the office . newline_char officeteam ’ s survey included responses from more than 600 workers employed in office environments and senior managers at u.s. companies with 20 or more employees . newline_char officeteam said 58 percent of office workers surveyed say they use their personal devices at work to visit websites that are banned by their companies , but bosses haven ’ t necessarily caught on , with only 39 percent of managers saying they think that happens commonly . newline_char “ it ’ s understandable that employees may occasionally use their mobile devices or attend to personal tasks during business hours . newline_char the time office workers spend checking their phones for emails , texts or social media updates while on the job adds up — to about eight hours of the workweek . newline_char “ it ’ s understandable that employees may occasionally use their mobile devices or attend to personal tasks during business hours . newline_char add to that another 42 minutes a day , on average , spent doing other personal tasks , and the average employee could be wasting more than eight hours per workweek on activities unrelated to their jobs .
