 an honest and emotional conversation , they discussed what happened to them and how they ’ re feeling now about the cascade of weinstein stories—and allegations against other powerful men—that has followed . newline_char in recent weeks , more than 75 women have come forward to accuse movie producer harvey weinstein of sexual harassment or sexual assault . newline_char ( through a spokesperson , weinstein has denied all allegations of non-consensual sex , and of retaliation against women who rebuffed him or complained about his behavior . newline_char in many cases , these women also describe having spent decades feeling isolated , alone , and ashamed of their brushes with weinstein . story_separator_special_tag exclusive : the first true bid for the assets of troubled the weinstein company will be a difficult one to beat for any bidders thinking of getting into the fray . story_separator_special_tag ” weinstein used nondisclosure agreements like the one gutierrez signed to evade accountability for claims of sexual harassment and  newline_char ” she recalled that , across the table , weinstein ’ s attorney was trembling visibly as she picked up the pen . newline_char in exchange for a million-dollar payment from harvey weinstein , gutierrez would agree never to talk publicly about an incident during which weinstein groped her breasts and tried to stick his hand up her skirt . story_separator_special_tag 17 , weinstein resigned from the company ’ s board . newline_char the story has been so big that it has let another scandal disappear : a corporate backstory about how a group of billionaire board members from the worlds of wall street and entertainment let harvey weinstein stay in power . newline_char the harvey weinstein sexual assault saga is a scandal for the ages . newline_char it features an all-star cast that included james dolan and dirk ziff—and later , in cameo appearances , paul tudor jones and marc lasry—who oversaw an almost unimaginably toxic corporate culture built and led by their friend , according to two directors who long opposed harvey weinstein .
