s. citizens at the orlando airport will be able to opt out just like at the other airports if they do n't want to provide their photograph , jennifer gabris , a spokeswoman for the u.s. customs and border protection said in an email . newline_char ( ap ) — florida 's busiest airport is becoming the first in the nation to require a face scan of passengers on all arriving and departing international flights , including u.s. citizens , according to officials there . newline_char the expected announcement thursday at orlando international airport alarms some privacy advocates who say there are no formal rules in place for handling data gleaned from the scans , nor formal guidelines on what should happen if a passenger is wrongly prevented from boarding . newline_char the expected announcement thursday at orlando international airport alarms some privacy advocates who say there are no formal rules in place for handling data gleaned from the scans , nor formal guidelines on what should happen if a passenger is wrongly prevented from boarding . story_separator_special_tag joe raedle/getty images the orlando announcement marks a step up in the scope of the face scan program , rudolph said . newline_char u.s. citizens at the orlando airport -- which had about 6 million international passengers in the past year -- will be able to opt out just like at the other airports if they do n't want to provide their photograph , jennifer gabris , a spokeswoman for the u.s. customs and border protection said in an email . newline_char -- florida 's busiest airport is becoming the first in the nation to require a face scan of passengers on all arriving and departing international flights , including u.s. citizens , according to officials there . newline_char the expected announcement thursday at orlando international airport alarms some privacy advocates who say there are no formal rules in place for handling data gleaned from the scans , nor formal guidelines on what should happen if a passenger is wrongly prevented from boarding . newline_char the expected announcement thursday at orlando international airport alarms some privacy advocates who say there are no formal rules in place for handling data gleaned from the scans , nor formal guidelines on what should happen if a passenger is wrongly prevented from boarding .
