ap photo/evan vucci ) ( associated press ) singapore ( ap ) — the latest on the summit between north korean leader kim jong un and president donald trump in singapore ( all times local ) : 9:55 a.m. president donald trump says that his one-on-one meeting with north korean leader kim jong un was " very , very good " and that the two have an " excellent relationship . newline_char president donald trump gestures toward the meeting site with north korea leader kim jong un at the capella resort on sentosa island tuesday , june 12 , 2018 in singapore . newline_char ___ 9:20 a.m. president donald trump is predicting that he and north korean leader kim jong un will have " a terrific relationship " as they meet face to face for the first time . newline_char trump said tuesday after meeting kim that he 's feeling " really great . newline_char ___ 9:05 a.m. president donald trump and north korean leader kim jong un are sharing a historic handshake as they meet for the first time . newline_char trump made the comments as he and kim walked together along balcony as they headed to a larger meeting with aides . story_separator_special_tag close president trump and north korean leader kim jong un shake hands as they meet for the first time in singapore . newline_char " the joint statement said that trump " committed to provide security guarantees " to the north korean government , while kim " reaffirmed his firm and unwavering commitment to complete denuclearization of the korean peninsula . newline_char the statement of renewed u.s.-north korean cooperation capped a four-hour-plus summit in which trump and kim had nothing but nice things to say about each other as they finally came face-to-face . newline_char ( photo : evan vucci , ap ) singapore — after more than a half-century of hostility between their two countries , president trump and north korean leader kim jong un signed a document tuesday pledging " to work toward complete denuclearization of the korean peninsula , " but provided few details of how that might work .
