ipei , taiwan ( ap ) — pro-independence party candidate tsai ing-wen took a commanding lead in taiwan 's presidential election results late saturday evening , and the candidate for the china-friendly nationalist party conceded a massive loss . newline_char ( associated press ) supporters of taiwan 's democratic progressive party presidential candidate tsai ing-wen cheer as they wait for election results at the party headquarters in taipei , taiwan , saturday , jan. newline_char ( associated press ) taiwan 's ruling kmt or nationalist party presidential candidate eric chu delivers a speech as he concedes defeat in the presidential election , saturday , jan. newline_char ( associated press ) taiwan 's ruling kmt or nationalist party presidential candidate eric chu and his wife kao wan-ching bow to supporters as he concedes defeat in the presidential election , saturday , jan. newline_char taiwan 's ruling kmt or nationalist party presidential candidate eric chu , front center , with his wife kao wan-ching , front right , waves to supporters as he concedes defeat in the presidential election , ... story_separator_special_tag analysis : cindy sui , bbc news , taipei the victory by tsai ing-wen marks a defeat for not only the pro-unification ruling party kmt but also china . newline_char in her speech , ms tsai hailed a " new era " in taiwan and pledged to co-operate with other political parties on major issues . newline_char despite the past eight years of reduced tensions and much improved relations built by the kmt and china , taiwanese voters have voted for ms tsai from the pro-independence party instead . newline_char media playback is unsupported on your device media caption tsai ing-wen said people in taiwan wanted a transparent government tsai ing-wen has been elected taiwan 's first female president . newline_char in her victory speech , she vowed to preserve the status quo in relations with china , adding beijing must respect taiwan 's democracy and both sides must ensure there are no provocations .
