e main criterion for continuing in the study for participants in the prg group was achieving pregnancy in the period following the first mri session . newline_char for this prospective cohort study , first-time mothers participated in an mri acquisition before and after their pregnancy , allowing us to use each woman 's pre-pregnancy brain scan as her individual baseline . newline_char only participants who had never experienced a previous pregnancy beyond the first trimester were included in the study . newline_char thirty-two participants , comprising 17 women and 15 men , did not achieve pregnancy within this period and did not participate in the follow-up session  newline_char of the final sample of 25 women who underwent pregnancy between the sessions , the majority ( 20 women ) had an estimated pregnancy onset within 6 months after the session . newline_char although individuals were recruited separately for the pregnancy ( prg ) groups ( women and men becoming parents between the sessions , hereafter referred to as f prg and m prg , respectively ) and the control ( ctr ) groups ( women who did not become pregnant within this time frame and men whose partners did not become pregnant , from here on referred to as f ctr and m ctr ) on the basis of their intention to become parents in the near future , the final group allocation depended on the transition from nulliparity into primiparity in between sessions . story_separator_special_tag the study includes data on 25 spanish women scanned before and after their first pregnancies , along with 20 women who did n't get pregnant during the study . newline_char ( associated press ) new york ( ap ) — pregnancy affects not only a woman 's body : it changes parts of her brain too , a new study says . newline_char when researchers compared brain scans of women before and after pregnancy , they spotted some differences in 11 locations . newline_char hoekzema and colleagues think the differences result from sex hormones that flood the brain of a pregnant woman . newline_char based on prior research findings , the researchers think the brain changes happened during pregnancy rather than after childbirth .
