ultimately , at the request of the fbi and cia , trump blocked the release of some of the original records . newline_char ” trump then provided agencies with temporary certification until this thursday to allow for re-review of all documents withheld to release " as much as possible . newline_char 26 , 2017 , deadline to release thousands of documents related to the 1963 assassination in compliance with the president john f. story_separator_special_tag washington — president donald trump issued an order thursday , keeping some of the most sensitive records from the kennedy assassination files sealed for another 3 1/2 years , as the national archives released a final batch under a law meant to force most of the records into the light by last fall . newline_char the national archives released 19,045 documents thursday . newline_char some 15,884 records that have now been partially released , some with heavy redactions , will be subject to yet more review over the next three years under trump 's order . story_separator_special_tag jfk assassination records - 2018 additional documents release the national archives is releasing documents previously withheld in accordance with the jfk assassination records collection act . newline_char learn more these releases include fbi , cia , and other agency documents ( both formerly withheld in part and formerly withheld in full ) identified by the assassination records review board as assassination records . newline_char accessing the release files the table below displays metadata about all the released documents . newline_char the records at issue are documents previously identified as assassination records , but withheld in full or withheld in part . story_separator_special_tag washington ( ap ) — back in october , president donald trump blocked the release of hundreds of records on the assassination of president john f. newline_char the president ordered agencies to review the remaining documents in the next three years to determine which should be released .
