rat infestation closed down a government office in kissimmee that was storing donations destined for puerto rico , contaminating boxes of supplies that were never sent to the island . newline_char ” “ every day , those employees would go into that office and saw those boxes and they did nothing , ” said hernandez mayoral , who is a former puerto rican senator and is affiliated with the island ’ s pro-commonwealth party . newline_char “ due to the many puerto rican families that have been displaced to florida because of the hurricane , we have donated the meals to puerto rican families in need , ” mercader said tuesday in a statement . newline_char the office of the puerto rico federal affairs administration “ does not have the budget to finance the shipping costs ” of the supplies , according to prfaa ’ s executive director carlos mercader . newline_char thousands of puerto ricans have relocated to florida after hurricane maria hit the island , many of whom are expected to stay in central florida . newline_char the agency , which represents puerto rico through its central florida and washington d.c. offices , promotes public policy issues related to the island and was created to support puerto ricans moving to the region . newline_char ricardo rosselló rallied members of the puerto rican community in the region and urged them use their political leverage against lawmakers who have voted against the island ’ s interests . story_separator_special_tag a rat infestation in a government office in florida contaminated supplies that could have been sent to puerto rico hurricane victims . newline_char related : trump tells puerto rico " we love you " as fema cuts off food and water aid to island according to the orlando sentinel , puerto rican authorities were unable to ship donated aid because of insufficient financing . newline_char the puerto rico federal affairs administration executive director carlos mercader explained past efforts to send the supplies through other organizations had ultimately proved unsuccessful .
