age copyright reuters image caption the chief neuroscientist at the hospital in rennes said there was no known antidote to the drug one man is brain-dead and another five people are in hospital after an experimental drug was administered to 90 people in a french clinical trial . newline_char the trial , which involved taking the drug orally and has now been suspended , was conducted by a private laboratory in rennes . story_separator_special_tag the trial was intended to test for side-effects of the new drug but all trials at the clinic have been suspended and the french state prosecutor has opened an inquiry . newline_char all trials on the drug have been suspended and all volunteers who have taken part in the trial are being called back . newline_char one person is brain dead and five others are seriously ill after taking part in a drug trial for portuguese pharmaceutical firm bial at a clinic in north-west france . newline_char the french health minister , marisol touraine , said 90 people in total had taken part in the trial and received some dosage of the drug ; others had taken a placebo . newline_char medical trials typically have three phases to assess a new drug or device for safety and effectiveness . newline_char phase two and three are progressively larger trials to assess the drug ’ s effectiveness , although safety remains paramount . newline_char touraine said the study was a phase one clinical trial , in which healthy volunteers take the medication to “ evaluate the safety of its use , tolerance and pharmacological profile of the molecule ” . story_separator_special_tag paris ( ap ) — rennes chief neurosurgeon gilles edan says three of the 6 men hospitalized over a botched clinical drug trial in france could have " irreversible " brain damage . newline_char health minister marisol touraine says all the men were healthy before they volunteered for the drug trial . newline_char she urged calm and said no drug currently on the market was implicated in the failed trial .
