the list of acting invitees includes luis guzmán , adam beach , kate beckinsale , morris chestnut , idris elba , bruce greenwood , oscar isaac , james hong , tessa thompson , greta gerwig , alicia vikander , michelle rodriguez , tom hiddleston , michael b. newline_char the invitation list is a who ’ s who of hollywood mainstays who were inexplicably not academy members , international heavyweights , and big-deal up-and-comers . newline_char facing criticism about its overwhelmingly older , male , and white membership and increasingly vocal concerns about the film industry ’ s ongoing diversity problem , the academy of motion pictures arts and science , the honorary organization responsible for awarding the oscars , has responded by… well , trying to add seemingly goddamn everyone it had , for one reason or another , forgotten to invite into its membership . newline_char as part of a major overhaul , the academy sent out an unprecedented 683 membership invitations today to film industry professionals , almost half of them women , and 41 % of them people of color . newline_char submit your newswire tips here . newline_char fox , and ice cube . newline_char jordan , regina king , eva mendes , vivica a . newline_char ( ken loach was also invited . newline_char a large part of the push seems to have come on the director front , a seemingly endless scroll of invited directors that includes catherine breillat , park chan-wook , lucrecia martel , julia loktev , abbas kiarostami , hou hsiao-hsien , karyn kusama , kiyoshi kurosawa , mary harron , mia hansen-løve , lynne ramsay , the wachowskis , apichatpong weerasethakul , james wan , maren ade , nuri bilge ceylan , souleymane cissé , patty jenkins , so yong kim , ryan coogler , ramin bahrani , and a whole lot of other people who aren ’ t older white dudes . story_separator_special_tag the hollywood buzzword of the moment has been “ diversity , ” thanks in large part to the hashtag # oscarssowhite and its creator april reign . newline_char when the likes of spike lee and jada pinkett smith indirectly joined the # oscarssowhite movement , the academy of motion picture arts and science was prompted to react , making a commitment to diversify its ranks by doubling the number of women and people of color by 2020 .
