elie penguins , slick and efficient swimmers , live on the antarctic continent and on many small , surrounding coastal islands almost six million adelie penguins are living in east antarctica , more than double the number previously thought , scientists said wednesday in findings that have implications for conservation . newline_char " an estimated 193,500 tonnes of krill and 18,800 tonnes of fish are eaten during the breeding season by adelie penguins breeding in east antarctica , " emmerson said . newline_char " the study also estimated the amount of krill and fish needed to support the adelie penguin population , prey that is also sought after by seals and whales . newline_char before , population estimates only took into account breeding pairs , said australian antarctic division seabird ecologist louise emmerson . newline_char " adelie penguins , slick and efficient swimmers , live on the antarctic continent and on many small , surrounding coastal islands . newline_char " however , our study in east antarctica has shown that non-breeding adelie penguins may be as , or more , abundant than the breeders . newline_char " these birds are an important reservoir of future breeders and estimating their numbers ensures we better understand the entire population 's foraging needs . story_separator_special_tag " an estimated 193,500 tonnes of krill and 18,800 tonnes of fish are eaten during the breeding season by adélie penguins breeding in east antarctica , " dr emmerson said . newline_char antarctic scientists wildly underestimated the number of adélie penguins in just one part of antarctica by , oh , a paltry 3.6 million or so . newline_char previous estimates had the east antarctic population at closer to 2.3 million . newline_char adélies eat small fish , jellyfish and krill -- the tiny crustaceans which are a key element of the antarctic food chain . newline_char well , scientists now believe there are 5.9 million penguins on a 5,000 km stretch of coastline in east antarctica alone .
