rginia senator tim kaine , a leading contender to be democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton 's pick for vice president , waves to the crowd before attending a private fundraiser event in newport , ... newline_char ( associated press ) virginia senator tim kaine , a leading contender to be democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton 's pick for vice president , waves to the crowd before attending a private fundraiser event in newport , ... newline_char tim kaine received praise for his wide-ranging experience , even as many delegates acknowledged that he would not generate the level of enthusiasm or party unity as a progressive or first-ever latino pick . story_separator_special_tag hillary clinton ’ s unveiling of tim kaine as her vice presidential pick was greeted by mixed reactions from liberal groups on friday night . newline_char while some praised his consistent support of labor and women ’ s rights , several progressive organizations were quick to criticize clinton 's newly minted running mate , urging the democratic ticket to adopt a more “ populist ” stance on trade and financial regulation . newline_char | getty kaine pick draws mixed reviews from liberals while wall street lobbyists rejoice , progressive groups are less than thrilled . story_separator_special_tag kaine ’ s boosters say that kaine , a former virginia governor and chairman of the democratic national committee , is far more progressive than many of his critics realize . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag x embed x share as a senator from virginia , tim kaine may be the key to help clinton clinch the swing state . newline_char his state is very important in november kaine represents a crucial swing state that clinton will need to win in november . newline_char hillary clinton picked tim kaine for her running-mate . newline_char here are six things to know : he ’ s held a lot of public offices kaine — who is now virginia 's junior senator — was previously the governor of the state .
