rcedes-benz is tapping into the popularity of ultra-luxurious all-terrain vehicles , with a new maybach suv that can ferry passengers over desert dunes with an open top and thermal cupholders . newline_char it ’ s daimler ag ’ s latest extension of the top-of-the-line maybach marque that it resurrected amid surging demand for higher-end models . newline_char that strategy helped mercedes unseat rival bmw ag as the world ’ s best-selling luxury marque last year and allowed daimler to boost its research and development budget by almost a quarter . newline_char photographer : luke macgregor/bloomberg “ this car meets the highest demands for luxury and yet still has all the elements that make the g-class a real off-roader , ” said gunner guethenke , who heads mercedes ’ s suv business . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag these extravagant gas-guzzlers also represent a faustian pact for the automaker : by targeting ultra-rich customers with high-margin models such as the maybach , bloomberg suggests , mercedes is able to bankroll the development of electric cars , autonomous-driving features and ride-sharing platforms . newline_char off-road driving is set to become more luxurious—and expensive—than ever before , thanks to the new mercedes-benz maybach suv unveiled at the geneva motor show . newline_char last year mercedes surpassed bmw bmwyy as the world ’ s best-selling luxury marque , allowing daimler to step-up its research and development budget by almost a quarter . story_separator_special_tag the 22.75 inches added to the wheelbase ( now 135 inches ) allowed mercedes to fit the g 65 landaulet with individual rear captain 's chairs , wrapped in the finest calf leather and able to fully recline . newline_char and now , daimler says one in every ten vehicles sold in the s-class segment wears a mercedes-maybach badge . newline_char well , after the maybach 57 and 62 were both killed off in 2012 , mercedes gave it another go , bringing the name back in 2015 as a sub-brand positioned above the top of the mercedes range .
