associated press ) new york ( ap ) — chelsea manning believed she had a " responsibility to the public " and did n't think she was risking national security when she leaked a trove of classified documents , the soldier said in her first interview since being released from a military prison last month . newline_char the 29-year-old formerly known as bradley manning said in a pre-taped interview broadcast friday on abc 's " good morning america " that she was prompted to give the 700,000 military and state department documents to wikileaks because of the human toll of the " death , destruction and mayhem " she saw as an army intelligence analyst in iraq . newline_char manning said she had " a responsibility to the public " to leak a trove of classified documents in her first interview following her release from a federal ... newline_char manning said she had " a responsibility to the public " to leak a trove of classified documents in her first interview following her release from a federal ... newline_char manning was released from a military prison in fort leavenworth , kansas , on may 18 after serving seven years of a 35-year sentence , which was commuted by former president barack obama in his final days in office . newline_char " manning also touched on her struggles dealing with her gender transition while in prison . story_separator_special_tag xychelsea87/instagram when asked if she felt she owed the american public an apology , manning said she has accepted responsibility for her actions . newline_char add interest " it 's as simple as that , " manning told " nightline " co-anchor juju chang in an exclusive interview on " nightline . newline_char " i work with this information every day , " manning said . newline_char " manning , a transgender u.s. army soldier , was in prison for seven years at the u.s. disciplinary barracks at fort leavenworth , kansas , after being convicted by a military tribunal under the espionage and computer fraud and abuse acts and sentenced to 35 years in prison for releasing over 700,000 documents to wikileaks , of which only small amount of those documents ultimately lead to her conviction ( some of them were published by the new york times , the guardian , and der spiegel ) .
