lice have not made any arrests after two students were injured in a shooting outside the frederick high school gym wednesday night as a junior varsity basketball game was played inside . newline_char frederick police on thursday said they have not yet identified any suspects or a motive for the attack that left two frederick county school students injured . newline_char school officials closed frederick high and nearby west frederick middle to students . story_separator_special_tag frederick high school , where the shooting occurred , and a nearby middle school will be open friday after being closed thursday as investigators searched the campuses for clues . newline_char ( bill green/frederick news-post via ap ) authorities in frederick county expanded their investigation thursday into a shooting outside a high school that left two teens wounded as a basketball game was played inside . newline_char young , the school board president , responded to wednesday 's shooting at frederick high school . newline_char a patient is brought to a helicopter following a shooting outside frederick high school . newline_char the shooting occurred about 8 p.m. wednesday as frederick high school ’ s junior varsity basketball team was playing rival gov . newline_char when police arrived , they found two people who had been shot outside the school , one 14 and the other 15 , authorities said . story_separator_special_tag students will return to frederick high school for the first time friday . newline_char 911 operator in fatal crash : " stop whining " the two injured students , who did not attend frederick high school , were flown to a hospital in baltimore . story_separator_special_tag the frederick high school students were flown to a baltimore hospital . newline_char frederick high school junior sofia mccluskey said she was watching the game and heard a muffled shot . newline_char two students were shot outside a maryland public high school wednesday night while a basketball game was being played inside causing panic as parents rushed to the scene to make sure their children were ok .
