tory_separator_special_tag farmers are supposed to plant 20 percent of their fields with corn that does n't have the genetic modification so that if resistant bugs develop they will end up breeding with non-resistant rootworms drawn to the unprotected plants and lessen the chance of passing resistance on to the next generation . newline_char gmo corn falls prey to bugs it was supposed to thwart chicago — a voracious pest which has long plagued corn farmers is devouring a widely-used variety that was genetically modified to thwart the rootworms , raising fears of a new superbug . newline_char they also caution that farmers may be using genetically modified crops in ways that hasten the development of resistant bugs . newline_char farmers used to be able to manage the pests by rotating which crops they planted in their fields . story_separator_special_tag sure enough , farmers in illinois are also seeing severe rootworm damage in fields planted in monsanto 's bt corn . newline_char fields planted in monsanto 's bt corn in some areas of the midwest are showing damage from the corn rootworm—the very species targeted by monsanto 's engineered trait . newline_char such " superweeds " are now galloping through cotton and corn country , forcing farmers to resort to highly toxic herbicide cocktails and even hand-weeding . newline_char and now insects are developing resistance to monsanto 's insecticide-infused crops , reports the wall street journal . newline_char monsanto focused its technology on three widely planted , highly subsidized crops : corn , soy , and cotton . newline_char and it 's not just in the united states : in 2010 , monsanto itself acknowledged that in industrial-agriculture regions of india , where monsanto 's bt cotton is a dominant crop , a cotton-attacking pest called the bollworm had developed resistance . newline_char over the past decade and a half , as monsanto built up its globe-spanning , multi-billion-dollar genetically modified seed empire , it made two major pitches to farmers .
