cording to the identity theft resource center ’ s most recent data breach report , between january 1 , 2005 and august 31 , 2018 , there have been 9,395 breaches . newline_char 39 shares in recent years , many americans ’ personal information has become compromised by big data breaches . story_separator_special_tag breaches on this list typically have exposed information that could potentially lead to identity theft , including social security numbers , financial account information , medical information , and even email addresses and passwords . newline_char january 1 , 2005 to may 17 , 2018 ( cumulative totals ) number of breaches = 9,039 number of records exposed = 1,097,531,139 records the itrc breach report is a compilation of data breaches confirmed by various media sources and/or notification lists from state governmental agencies . newline_char itrc follows u.s. federal guidelines about what combination of personal information comprise a unique individual , and the exposure of which will constitute a data breach . newline_char for that reason , the identity theft resource center has been tracking security breaches since 2005 , looking for patterns , new trends and any information that may better help us to educate consumers and businesses on the need for understanding the value of protecting personal identifying information . newline_char the itrc will also capture breaches that do not , by the nature of the incident , trigger data breach notification laws . newline_char the itrc currently tracks seven categories of data loss methods : ● insider theft ● hacking / computer newline_char the itrc breach report presents detailed information about data exposure events along with running totals for a specific year . newline_char the itrc defines a data breach as an incident in which an individual name plus a social security number , driver ’ s license number , medical record or financial record ( credit/debit cards included ) is potentially put at risk because of exposure .
