shington the united states on thursday cut aid to uganda , imposed visa restrictions and canceled a regional military exercise in response to a ugandan law that imposes harsh penalties on homosexuality . story_separator_special_tag uganda passed a law in february that strengthened criminal penalties for gay sex and made life sentences possible for those convicted of breaking the law . story_separator_special_tag in addition , the white house said thursday that washington will cancel a planned military exercise with uganda and deny entry to certain ugandan citizens , including those " involved in serious human rights abuses , including against lgbt individuals . newline_char must watch gay ugandan speaks out about new law 05:56 just watched branson to boycott uganda over law replay more videos ... newline_char must watch gay ugandans committing suicide 02:30 museveni signed the bill into law in february , two months after uganda 's parliament passed it after replacing a death penalty provision with a proposal of life in prison for " aggravated homosexuality . newline_char must watch branson to boycott uganda over law 03:36 just watched gay ugandans committing suicide replay more videos ... newline_char story highlights u.s. pulls funding from uganda 's government move is in response to uganda 's anti-gay law washington also cancels a planned military exercise uganda 's president signed measure earlier this year uganda 's government institutions will lose u.s. funding as punishment for a law signed earlier this year by president yoweri museveni that makes some homosexual acts punishable by life in prison . newline_char " the united states will not end its humanitarian support for uganda or its cooperation to stamp out the lord 's resistance army , led by the elusive joseph kony " we will seek to advance these interests even as we continue -- in uganda and around the world -- to oppose discriminatory practices and champion human rights for all , " read the statement by white house national security council spokeswoman caitlin hayden .
