tty images because there have n't been enough responses already to the celeb nude photo leak , a los angeles street artist has now announced that he will add the hacked photos of jennifer lawrence and kate upton to his upcoming show . newline_char " publicist cory allen issued a statement commending xvala 's work for helping to " strengthen the ongoing debate over privacy in the digital era " -- because being complicit in the violation and abuse of these women is totally about contributing to a cultural dialogue , and not at all about profiting from a sex crime . newline_char -- which might have something to do with the fact that in california , posting nude photos without consent and with the intention of causing distress is actually against the law . newline_char the show is slated to open october 30 , which means that it may or may not actually happen , considering that the photos are now officially evidence in a federal criminal investigation , and a representative for jennifer lawrence have announced that anyone who posts them will be prosecuted . story_separator_special_tag leaked nude images of jennifer lawrence and kate upton hacked and posted online over the weekend will be featured in an upcoming art exhibit at the cory allen contemporary art showroom in st. newline_char he told fox411 the images of lawrence and upton were just a small part of a much larger exhibit about privacy in today ’ s society . newline_char plus , he said they ’ re art , not photos . newline_char ” reps for lawrence and upton have been adamant that they have legal action planned for anyone who spreads the photos around . newline_char ” this isn ’ t the first time artist xvala has used controversial celebrity images in his work . newline_char the images will be included in an collection titled “ no delete ” by artist xvala . newline_char " the authorities have been contacted and will prosecute anyone who posts the stolen photos of jennifer lawrence , ” a rep for the oscar-winner said .
