tory_separator_special_tag major cities have established large bikesharing systems , including boston , chicago , denver , minneapolis-saint paul , new york city , salt lake city , the san francisco bay area , seattle , washington dc , and others . newline_char publication mti report 12-54 principal investigator : elliot martin , ph.d. abstract the growth of bikesharing in the united states has had a transformative impact on urban transportation . newline_char experts and focus group participants independently pointed to bikesharing rider behavior and bikesharing bicycle design as possible factors . newline_char however , no significant impact from bikesharing activity on broader bicycle collisions could be found within the regions in which they operate . newline_char finally , researchers conducted an analysis of bicycle and bikesharing activity data , as well as bicycle and bikesharing collisions to evaluate injury rates associated with bikesharing when compared with benchmarks of personal bicycling . newline_char through a series of four focus groups , they discussed bikesharing usage and safety with bikesharing members and nonmembers in the bay area . newline_char bikesharing is also used by irregular bicyclists who are less familiar with the local terrain . newline_char in particular , bikesharing bicycles are generally designed in ways that promote stability and limited speeds , which mitigate the conditions that contribute to collisions . newline_char data analysis also explored whether there was evidence of a “ safety in numbers benefit ” that resulted from bikesharing activity . newline_char the data analysis found that collision and injury rates for bikesharing are lower than previously computed rates for personal bicycling . newline_char they further engaged experts nationwide from a variety of fields to evaluate their opinions and perspectives on bikesharing and safety . story_separator_special_tag a 25-year-old woman riding a divvy bike who died friday morning following a crash involving a flatbed truck in chicago 's avondale neighborhood is believed to be the first person killed while riding a bike-sharing bicycle in the united states .
