 the same moment i stepped toward the man in the hat and began to ask , “ you ’ re not . newline_char at the same moment i stepped toward the man in the hat and began to ask , “ you ’ re not . newline_char agents ( starr himself was not there ) , had hustled me into a hotel room near the pentagon and informed me that unless i cooperated with them i could face 27 years in prison . newline_char agents ( starr himself was not there ) , had hustled me into a hotel room near the pentagon and informed me that unless i cooperated with them i could face 27 years in prison . newline_char ” a stranger might have surmised from his tone that he had actually worried newline_char . . newline_char this was the man who had turned my 24-year-old life into a living hell in his effort to investigate and prosecute president bill clinton on charges that would eventually include obstruction of justice and lying under oath—lying about having maintained a long-term extramarital relationship with me . story_separator_special_tag at the same moment i stepped toward the man in the hat and began to ask , “ you ’ re not . newline_char at the same moment i stepped toward the man in the hat and began to ask , “ you ’ re not . newline_char agents ( starr himself was not there ) , had hustled me into a hotel room near the pentagon and informed me that unless i cooperated with them i could face 27 years in prison . newline_char agents ( starr himself was not there ) , had hustled me into a hotel room near the pentagon and informed me that unless i cooperated with them i could face 27 years in prison . newline_char ” a stranger might have surmised from his tone that he had actually worried newline_char . . newline_char this was the man who had turned my 24-year-old life into a living hell in his effort to investigate and prosecute president bill clinton on charges that would eventually include obstruction of justice and lying under oath—lying about having maintained a long-term extramarital relationship with me .
