ter three long and challenging weeks , sandy hook elementary students returned to class thursday at a nearby middle school in monroe , conn. newline_char / ap this photo provided by the monroe police department shows the new sandy hook elementary school on the first day of classes in monroe , conn . newline_char their old school in newtown is still a crime scene , so an unused middle school in nearby monroe was refurnished for them . story_separator_special_tag students were excited as they entered their new school building and reunited with friends as classes got back together , white said . newline_char sandy hook elementary school students returned to classes thursday in monroe . newline_char parents were invited into the school as sandy hook principal donna page , newtown school superintendent janet robinson and members of the newtown board of education greeted students and parents , white said . newline_char attendance was very good thursday , the first day classes resumed after 20 students and six women were killed in a mass shooting at sandy hook elementary school in newtown on dec. newline_char sandy hook students and teachers will be reunited in the classroom on thursday , but today they have a chance to tour their new school in monroe . newline_char parents met with school officials and law enforcement members as students resumed a regular school day , white said . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag school resumes wednesday for students in newtown , except for the sandy hook ... newline_char the sandy hook elementary school students fron newtown , conn. newline_char ( associated press ) this december 2012 photo provided by the newtown bee shows a sign welcoming sandy hook elementary school students , of newtown , conn. newline_char nearly three weeks after the shooting rampage at sandy hook elementary school in newtown , ... newline_char the newtown schools superintendent says preparations have been made for a " normal " day , yet it will likely be anything but that when classes resume for sandy hook elementary school students for the first time since a gunman killed 20 of their classmates .
