ap ) — effigies of black lynching victims found hanging on a northern california college campus have sparked debate over whether the images are powerful protest art or just plain tasteless and racist . newline_char leigh raiford , an associate professor of african american studies at uc berkeley , told the san francisco chronicle ( http : //tinyurl.com/lo44y4c ) that the effigies may have been created to provoke thoughtful discussion about historical black repression . newline_char the photographic images were found saturday morning hanging at two prominent spots on the campus of the university of california , berkeley . story_separator_special_tag police took possession of two of the effigies and students took one , said pastor michael mcbride of the way christian center and co-director of intervarsity 's black campus ministries at uc berkeley . newline_char berkeley -- three effigies of african-americans hanging from a noose were found on the uc berkeley campus saturday morning ahead of a noontime " # blacklivesmatter " protest in sproul plaza , a uc berkeley spokeswoman confirmed . newline_char amy hamaoui , interim executive director of uc berkeley 's communications and public affairs , confirmed the effigies and also said that university officials are looking to see if there are more effigies . newline_char two of the effigies were found hanging from the arches at famed sather gate , and another was discovered in a tree near bancroft lane , cal integrative biology student eniola abioye said . story_separator_special_tag chris wiggins for usa today students protest on the uc berkeley campus . newline_char , and new york city on saturday , three cardboard cutouts of african-americans were found hanging in effigy by nooses on the berkeley campus of the university of california . newline_char school spokeswoman amy hamaoui told the ap the effigies appear to be connected to a noon-time demonstration nearby planned to coincide with a national protest against police brutality . newline_char police officers took two of the effigies down soon after the student learned of them at 9:10 a.m , holmes says . story_separator_special_tag 
