ight cycling may be dangerous for your heart , new study suggests . newline_char weight cycling may be dangerous for your heart , new study suggests . newline_char the effects of weight cycling on postmenopausal women a new study presented at the american heart association 's scientific sessions 2016 suggests yo-yo dieting may increase the risk of death from heart disease among older women of normal weight . newline_char learn more about heart disease " weight cycling is an emerging global health concern associated with attempts of weight loss , but there have been inconsistent results about the health hazards for those who experience weight cycling behavior , " says lead author dr. newline_char new research suggests that rapidly and repeatedly losing and regaining weight may increase the risk of death from heart disease . newline_char the centers for disease control and prevention ( cdc ) report that more than one third of americans are obese , but efforts to lose weight are also significant . story_separator_special_tag 15 , 2016 -- repeatedly losing and regaining weight , known as weight cycling or yo-yo dieting , may increase the risk of death from heart disease among postmenopausal women who were of normal weight at the start of the study , according to research presented at the american heart association 's scientific sessions 2016 . newline_char it is unclear whether losing and regaining weight in adulthood also increases the risk of death from these heart diseases , so the investigators looked at this relationship among postmenopausal women . newline_char weight cycling in the normal-weight women was also associated with a 66 percent increased risk for coronary heart disease deaths . newline_char no increase in either type of death occurred among overweight or obese women reporting weight cycling . newline_char during a follow-up of 11.4 years , they found : women considered " normal-weight " at the start of the study who lost and regained weight had about three and a half times higher risk for sudden cardiac death than women whose weight remained stable .
