e lawsuit says rondini , then a 20-year-old junior who planned to go to medical school , met a man at a popular tuscaloosa bar in july 2015 . newline_char a federal wrongful death lawsuit filed over the weekend by michael and cynthia rondini of austin , texas , claims the alleged assault and officials ' subsequent mishandling of the allegations prompted megan rondini to kill herself . newline_char police investigating the sexual assault were sympathetic toward the man and wrongly focused on rondini 's actions , which including taking a handgun and $ 3 for cab fare from his home , the lawsuit claims . story_separator_special_tag a lawsuit accuses law enforcement and university officials of failing to give megan rondini , the subject of a buzzfeed news story , the help she needed after she reported being assaulted by a wealthy man in tuscaloosa , alabama . newline_char the story of megan rondini , who was a student at the university of alabama in tuscaloosa when the alleged rape occurred , was detailed in a recent buzzfeed news story . newline_char the 25-page wrongful death suit filed sunday by rondini ’ s parents , michael and cynthia rondini , charges that tuscaloosa sheriff 's department deputies were intentionally dismissive when rondini reported in july 2015 that she was raped by t.j. bunn , jr. newline_char all of the defendants “ negligently , recklessly , wantonly , and/or wrongfully acted or failed to act in response to megan ’ s reported sexual assault , ” the lawsuit alleges . story_separator_special_tag the parents of megan rondini , the university of alabama student who killed herself after alleging that she had been raped by a tuscaloosa man , filed a federal wrongful death lawsuit sunday against her alleged rapist , two university employees , the tuscaloosa county sheriff , a sheriff 's deputy , and a sheriff 's office investigator . newline_char the lawsuit by michael and cynthia rondini alleges that the school and law enforcement failed their daughter .
