d cruz to announce presidential bid monday sen. newline_char over the course of the primary campaign , cruz will aim to raise between $ 40 million and $ 50 million , according to advisers , and dominate with the same tea party voters who supported his underdog senate campaign in 2012 . newline_char ted cruz plans to announce monday that he will run for president of the united states , according to his senior advisers , accelerating his already rapid three-year rise from a tea party insurgent in texas into a divisive political force in washington . newline_char but the key to victory , cruz advisers believe , is to be the second choice of enough voters in the party 's libertarian and social conservative wings to cobble together a coalition to defeat the chosen candidate of the republican establishment . newline_char " senior advisers say cruz will run as an unabashed conservative eager to mobilize like-minded voters who can not stomach the choice of the " mushy middle " that he has ridiculed on the stump over the past two months in iowa , new hampshire and south carolina . newline_char cruz , scheduled to speak monday at a convocation ceremony at liberty university in virginia , will not form an exploratory committee but rather launch a presidential bid outright , said advisers with direct knowledge of his plans , who spoke on condition of anonymity because an official announcement had not been made yet . story_separator_special_tag cruz , 44 , has considerable appeal among the republican party 's base of conservative voters . newline_char while cruz is the first republican to declare his candidacy , he is sure to be followed by several big names in the gop , including former florida gov . newline_char ted cruz , r-texas , speaks at the international association of firefighters ( iaff ) legislative conference and presidential forum in washington . newline_char ted cruz will announce monday his plans to run for president , becoming the first high-profile republican formally to enter the 2016 presidential contest .
