in a statement on monday , icahn capital said that “ any poison pill without a shareholder vote is an example of poor corporate governance , and find the pill netflix just adopted is particularly troubling due to its remarkably low and discriminatory 10 percent threshold. newline_char icahn to accumulate more netflix shares . newline_char icahn knocking on its front door , netflix has put up the traditional first line of defense against a corporate takeover . newline_char the company announced on monday that its board had adopted a shareholder rights plan , or poison pill , just days after mr. newline_char netflix said the plan was meant to protect the company and shareholders from “ efforts to obtain control of netflix that the board of directors determines are not in the best interests of netflix and its stockholders. newline_char ) in its statement , netflix added : in addition , if after a person or group acquires 10 percent ( or 20 percent in the case of 13g institutional investors ) or more of netflix ’ s outstanding common stock , netflix merges into another company , an acquiring entity merges into netflix or netflix sells or transfers more than 50 percent of its assets , cash flow or earning power , then each right will entitle the holder thereof to purchase , for the exercise price , a number of shares of common stock of the person engaging in the transaction having a then-current market value of twice the exercise price . story_separator_special_tag icahn called netflix 's poison pill " an example of poor corporate governance " because the company did n't seek a shareholder vote . newline_char ( photo : ap ) under the plan , netflix 's shareholders will be given the right to acquire more stock if any individual investor acquires more than a 10 % stake in the company , commonly referred to as a " poison pill . newline_char video from the archive netflix shot up in the market when billionaire investor carl icahn purchased 10 % of the company 's shares on wednesday , oct. newline_char " netflix is the second company to attempt to thwart mr. newline_char said monday its board adopted an antitakeover plan intended to block activist investor carl icahn from expanding his nearly 10 % stake in the streaming video and dvd-by-mail company . newline_char icahn 's move , sending netflix 's shares up 14 % last wednesday .
