ntsman will boycott the nevada presidential debate , and instead hold a first-in-the-nation town hall meeting in new hampshire , to discuss his bold plans to create jobs and reform america 's foreign policy for the 21st century , " said campaign manager matt david in a statement . newline_char huntsman to skip nevada debate in protest by justin sink - tweet jon huntsman announced friday that he will definitively be boycotting the republican debate in las vegas next week in protest of nevada 's decision to move its caucus date to jan. newline_char but the romney camp has denied the allegations and said it hopes new hampshire maintains its first-in-the-nation primary.michele bachmann was reportedly also considering boycotting the debate , although her campaign later clarified that she would be in attendance . newline_char " huntsman has accused romney of urging nevada officials to take the earlier caucus date . newline_char huntsman has accused romney of urging nevada officials to take the earlier caucus date . newline_char his campaign said that instead , huntsman will spend the evening campaigning in new hampshire . newline_char " while mitt romney 's campaign has tried to game the system by encouraging nevada to move to an earlier date , gov . newline_char but the romney camp has denied the allegations and said it hopes new hampshire maintains its first-in-the-nation primary . newline_char but she and rick santorum are considering joining huntsman and newt gingrich , who have said they wo n't participate in the caucus itself unless new hampshire and iowa are accommodated . newline_char but she and rick santorum are considering joining huntsman and newt gingrich , who have said they wo n't participate in the caucus itself unless new hampshire and iowa are accommodated . newline_char nevada , with its significant mormon population , looks to be an easy win for the former massachusetts governor , and a string of early victories could help romney to cement the nomination . story_separator_special_tag learn more
