en larry king asked david paterson tonight if his blindness made it hard for him to read the tabloid headlines about a story he claims does n't exist , we understood the true meaning of " kafkaesque " . newline_char david paterson 's appearance on larry king live was his most high-profile move yet to stifle the phantasmagorical sex rumors about him that exploded last sunday—super bowl sunday no less ! newline_char then he went on to deny , in great detail , the post 's best rumor : that a state trooper discovered him and a mystery woman smooching in a utility closet in the governor 's mansion : and when king asked paterson " who 's after you ? newline_char thus paterson ended up on larry king tonight , hoping that saying the same things he 'd been saying all week to more people would fix things . newline_char we were one of a number of outlets speculating about an unpublished new york times article with sexy revelations crazy enough to force paterson 's resignation . newline_char but since sunday , paterson has been a case study in just how hard it is to take away the chattering class ' delicious rumors once they start getting passed around like a lukewarm shrimp cocktail . newline_char he 's issued a number of denials , but each one seems to glance off the rumor mill and fly crazily back in his face : fighting back against the post 's claims of extra-marital humping prompted some more unsubstantiated rumors ; chris smith wrote for daily intel that paterson 's appearance on " imus " only aided in " keeping the larger nuttiness alive by claiming the times 's phantom story had " hypersexualized " him . story_separator_special_tag " at one point , king teed up an opportunity for paterson to say that the times article will vindicate him , but the governor did n't swing . newline_char since word of an imminent new york times story electrified new york political and media circles last week , paterson has been on the defensive . newline_char asked whether the onslaught of rumors means " somebody ( is ) after you , " paterson was blunt .
