e authorities did not detail all of the guns , or which weapons mr. newline_char paddock possessed such weapons , or used semiautomatic weapons that had been altered . newline_char paddock ’ s weapons fired automatically , discharging multiple bullets with a single depression of a trigger , in what are commonly called bursts . newline_char audio recordings of the shooting suggest that at least one of mr. newline_char weapons capable of burst fire have long been federally regulated in the united states and are more difficult to obtain than weapons that fire semiautomatically , for which regulations vary by state . newline_char in some videos of the shooting , the rate of fire sounds inconsistent , at times sputtering . newline_char paddock ’ s position overhead gave him a vantage point over objects and obstacles that would typically protect people from bullets flying from a gunman at ground level . newline_char paddock had purchased some guns in arizona , according to a gun seller there who spoke with the authorities . newline_char sheriff joseph lombardo of clark county , nev. newline_char but on sunday night , the decision potentially put them at greater risk . story_separator_special_tag share on google plus log in to save “ either run and get shot and die , or stay and get shot and die. story_separator_special_tag as details steadily come in about the las vegas shooting that has left 59 dead and 527 injured , so have videos and images showing the terror concertgoers faced as alleged shooter stephen paddock began spraying bullets at the crowd from a mandalay bay hotel room . newline_char related video why did this 24 y/o become an internet exhibitionist ? newline_char this youtube video below , in particular , is jarring . newline_char btw warning : this article contains graphic imagery and language . newline_char instead , i would argue it ’ s the juxtaposition of the crowd ’ s reactions—from fear to flight to panic to disillusion—that makes this video so harrowing , so painfully human , and so hard to watch .
