ory highlights senate committee chairman lieberman asks whether there 's a pattern of misconduct house committee chairman king asks for minute-by-minute timeline the actions of a few should not denigrate the many professionals , axelrod says collins and maloney suggest more female agents could help avoid such a scandal a senate committee will expand its probe into the u.s. secret service this week following a scandal involving prostitutes in colombia in advance of a recent trip by the president . newline_char the homeland security committee will send the secret service " some questions this week , as the beginning of our broader investigation , asking whether ... newline_char secret service agent defends agency 03:28 just watched two agents in colombia scandal named replay more videos ... newline_char secret service agent defends agency replay more videos ... newline_char " some secret service members and agents allegedly brought back several prostitutes to a hotel in cartagena , according to sources familiar with the u.s. government 's investigation . newline_char must watch publishing a prostitute 's picture 04:25 just watched axelrod on gsa and secret service scandal replay more videos ... newline_char must watch axelrod on gsa and secret service scandal 05:14 just watched fmr . story_separator_special_tag the chairman of a house committee investigating an alleged secret service prostitution scandal predicted more firings as key lawmakers and a top adviser to president barack obama expressed confidence sunday that the agency will effectively deal with the incident . newline_char a secret service official confirmed sunday that one of the 12 implicated in the scandal was staying at a different hotel than the others . newline_char king , lieberman and other leaders of congressional committees examining the scandal made the rounds on sunday news shows . newline_char eleven secret service employees are accused of misconduct in connection with a prostitution scandal at the hotel ...
