at lack of expertise explains why in building healthcare.gov , the government turned to industry contractors ; in particular , to cgi federal , a subsidiary of cgi group , a canadian company . story_separator_special_tag cgi federal , the company responsible for building the problem-plagued web site for the affordable care act , won the job because of what federal officials deemed a “ technically superior ” proposal , according to government documents and people familiar with the decision . newline_char the review of cgi federal concluded there was “ no evidence of performance risk , ” according to a cms document , portions of which were read to the washington post by a person familiar with the contracting process . newline_char since 2007 , cgi federal had won 17 other cms jobs under the pre-screened contract , worth several hundred million dollars . newline_char by 2011 , cgi federal already had been cleared to do government work at the centers for medicare and medicaid services ( cms ) , the agency overseeing the rollout of the new health-care law . newline_char at the time of the earlier selection process in 2007 , cgi federal was still relatively new to federal contracting . newline_char cgi federal won the $ 93 million contract , now worth $ 293 million , in september 2011 . newline_char in hindsight , one former cms official said , the ams record “ could well have knocked [ cgi federal ] out of the competition , and probably should have. newline_char not considered in the 2011 selection process was the history of numerous executives at cgi federal , who had come from another company that had mishandled at least 20 other government ­information technology projects more than a decade ago . newline_char in light of the bungled launch of the health-care web site , critics have repeatedly asked how cgi federal got the contract , and there has been widespread speculation on online news sites and blogs that the firm was selected because of political ties to the obama administration .
