ijing/taipei ( reuters ) - the united states should not allow a delegation from taiwan to attend u.s. president-elect donald trump ’ s inauguration , china ’ s foreign ministry said on wednesday , raising a new bone of contention in beijing ’ s relations with the incoming government . newline_char the administration of president barack obama has repeatedly reinforced the u.s. commitment to the “ one china ” policy , under which washington acknowledges china ’ s position of sovereignty over taiwan , since trump ’ s call with the taiwanese leader . newline_char reuters/stephen lam - rtsvjrj trump broke with decades of precedent last month by taking a congratulatory telephone call from taiwan president tsai ing-wen , and he has also said the “ one china ” policy was up for negotiation , a position beijing strongly rejected . newline_char china considers taiwan a breakaway province , with no right to have any kind of diplomatic relations with other countries . newline_char chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman hua chunying said china was opposed to taiwan using any excuse to send people to the united states to “ engage in activities to interfere in or damage china-u.s. ties ” . newline_char china has never renounced the use of force to bring taiwan under its control , and proudly democratic taiwan has shown no interest in wanting to be run by beijing . newline_char china is deeply suspicious of taiwan ’ s tsai , whom it suspects of wanting to push for the island ’ s formal independence , a red line for china . newline_char a spokesman for taiwan president tsai ing-wen ’ s office said no meetings were scheduled with the new trump administration while the delegation was there for the event . story_separator_special_tag beijing ( ap ) — china on wednesday called on the u.s. to bar a taiwanese delegation from attending donald trump 's inauguration on friday , underscoring concerns that the incoming president could seek to redefine relations between beijing , taipei and washington .
