ntroversy flared after trump was accused of mishandling a phone call to the widow of la david johnson , one of the dead soldiers . newline_char timeline how the controversy over trump 's condolence call unfolded show hide soldiers killed in niger four us army special forces troops and five soldiers from niger die in an ambush during a joint patrol in the south-west of the country . newline_char four us soldiers and five nigerien troops died in the incident , which has been the focus of an intense debate in washington over the executive branch ’ s extensive powers to use military force abroad without congressional approval and with little oversight . newline_char enter john kelly kelly delivers a rebuke to critics of trump in an emotional press conference but fails to acknowledge that the controversy began after trump attacked obama . newline_char serving and retired officers say soldiers also tried to convince french jets to engage in incident in which four us soldiers died the us special forces detachment ambushed in the niger last month fought alone for hours after the local nigerien forces they were accompanying fled in the first minutes of the engagement , retired and serving special forces officers with knowledge of events have said . story_separator_special_tag cbs news has learned one of the four american soldiers killed in the ambush in niger may have been kidnapped by islamic militants who opened fire on a group of u.s. and nigerien troops in early october . newline_char la david johnson became separated from the other soldiers . newline_char nigerien military sources tell cbs news they believe isis fighters decided to try and kidnap johnson . newline_char inside the niger village where u.s. soldiers were ambushed nigerien military sources insist the mission was to capture a terrorist leader and not focused on reconnaissance , as the pentagon has stated . newline_char hundreds of bullet casings and bushes stained with blood are evidence of just how intense the fighting was at the site where the group of american and nigerien soldiers came under heavy fire .
