 least not enough for me , " davis said . story_separator_special_tag davis spent years as a sexual assault prevention activist both on and off columbia ’ s campus , helping to found youth to end sexual violence and serving as the chairman of the international campaign to stop rape and gender violence . newline_char correction : a previous version of this article incorrectly stated that davis was nominated for the nobel peace prize in 2015 . newline_char updated june 28 , 2018 at 7:11 p.m. general studies student joel davis was arrested tuesday in manhattan on charges of child pornography and attempting to sexually exploit children as young as two years old . newline_char after being arrested , davis allegedly confessed to officers that he had sexually abused a thirteen-year-old boy in the past , and that he kept child pornography on his phone . newline_char davis was a columnist for spectator in 2017 , writing on topics including being a survivor of sexual assault ( like most spectator columnists , davis was an outside contributor who was not a member of spectator ’ s staff ) . story_separator_special_tag she was rejected by every college she applied to and was ready to give up until she met a gs rep at a recruiting event and decided to try columbia . newline_char thanks to its profound mission of bringing students to columbia , often from uncertain and challenging circumstances , gs has come to epitomize a school where academia is possible for people regardless of their trials and tribulations . newline_char one of the first friends i made at columbia came to gs after escaping a life of religious servitude . newline_char and within the mélange of columbia undergraduates , you ’ ll find a generous but not overwhelming portion of these students trying to strike an ephemeral balance between being nontraditional and newline_char when news broke that i was being considered for a nobel prize , i had a psychological breakdown—tormented by the recollection of my childhood sex abuse—and withdrew from columbia .
