udents staged raucous rallies on nationwide college campuses thursday in protests against deep education cuts that turned violent as demonstrators threw punches and ice chunks in wisconsin and blocked university gates and smashed car windows in california . newline_char students , teachers , parents and others rallied throughout california and many other states to protest deep cuts ... newline_char ( associated press ) university of california , berkeley , students griffin cassara , 19 , left , and katherine cole , 18 , walk past the state capitol after a participating in a ralley against funding cut to higher education in ... newline_char ( associated press ) at least 15 protesters were arrested by university of wisconsin-milwaukee police after as many as 150 students gathered at the student union then moved to an administrative building to deliver petitions to the school chancellor . newline_char students , teachers , parents and others rallied throughout california and many other states to protest ... story_separator_special_tag a national day of protests against education funding cuts began thursday with generally peaceful rallies , walkouts and teach-ins at universities and high schools . newline_char at cal state dominguez hills in the carson area , about 50 students gathered in front of the student union with some shouting " give my education back ! newline_char " one of the organizers , kevin orantes , 23 , a junior majoring in public administration and communications , said he became involved because he was upset about the effects of budget cuts on access to education and wanted to leave a better legacy for his own children . story_separator_special_tag ( 03-05 ) 12:12 pst san francisco -- gathering for a series of feisty rallies on college campuses , in civic plazas and in the streets , thousands of protesters lashed out thursday against the budget cuts and neglect that they say are breaking down the state 's public education system . newline_char but amid an often festive atmosphere , there were also efforts to make more forceful statements during the protests , called the day of action to defend public education .
