eviously , the fda only advised screening in areas with active zika cases , such as parts of florida and throughout puerto rico . newline_char florida surgeon general celeste philip said the state 's largest blood collection centers have been testing all donations for zika since the beginning of august , when health officials confirmed the first locally transmitted case of zika near downtown miami . newline_char the new order comes in the wake of the first locally acquired zika cases in the continental u.s. more than 40 people in miami-dade and palm beach counties in florida have been diagnosed with the virus since officials announced its appearance there earlier this month . newline_char the fda updated its guidance due to the potential serious health consequences of zika to pregnant women and children born to women exposed to the virus during pregnancy . newline_char ( photo : cristobal herrera , epa ) the food and drug administration on friday recommended expanding the screening process for all blood donations in the u.s. as a precaution against contaminating the blood supply with the mosquito-borne zika virus . story_separator_special_tag thus , questions that blood banks routinely ask about the risks of disease might not catch people who have been exposed and who have been infected with the zika virus . newline_char " there is still much uncertainty regarding the nature and extent of zika virus transmission , " says peter marks , director of the fda 's newline_char there have been no cases of zika related to blood transfusions in the u.s. newline_char " as new scientific and epidemiological information regarding zika virus has become available , it 's clear that additional precautionary measures are necessary , " the fda 's acting chief scientist , luciana borio , said in the statement . newline_char blood donations should be screened for zika , fda says enlarge this image toggle caption toby talbot/ap toby talbot/ap the food and drug administration is recommending that blood banks screen all blood donations in the u.s. for the zika virus .
