s. properties group portfolio four llc , the owner of the shopping center near the river valley mall that includes the multi-branch military recruitment center , ordered the armed volunteers to leave just hours after the shot was fired . newline_char u.s. properties group portfolio four llc , the owner of the shopping center near the river valley mall that includes the multi-branch military recruitment center , ordered the armed volunteers to leave just hours after the shot was fired . story_separator_special_tag — since the deadly attack on a military recruiting center in chattanooga , tennessee , armed citizens have taken it upon themselves to guard military recruitment centers across the country . story_separator_special_tag armed citizens — some associated with activist groups and militias — were standing vigil outside recruiting centers in wisconsin , georgia , tennessee , idaho and elsewhere this week , saying they want to provide protection to servicemembers barred from carrying firearms on duty . story_separator_special_tag after four marines and a sailor were killed by a lone gunman last week , armed civilians have volunteered to stand guard at military recruiting stations around the country — but troops are being warned to keep their distance and alert law enforcement of their presence . newline_char " we are concerned for the safety of not only our marines , but the public as a whole , and while most armed citizens have the best intentions at heart , it is not unrealistic to assume a possible incident like a negligent discharge may occur , " he said in a statement provided to marine corps times . newline_char " additionally , we are concerned that armed citizens may detract interested individuals from entering our offices , which ultimately negatively effects our recruiting mission . newline_char " if armed volunteers appear in the vicinity of any marine corps offices , brilakis wrote in his memo , marines should immediately call local law enforcement to deal with them .
