s moines , iowa — hillary clinton learned her lesson : no rope lines in iowa . newline_char but during a two-day sweep through the hawkeye state this weekend , clinton is showing she ’ s learned her lesson — and that she ’ s really trying to put that problem behind her . newline_char tom harkin ( d-iowa ) , who just endorsed clinton this week . newline_char it ’ s a world of difference from clinton ’ s last white house bid , when she was criticized here for seeming too-cool-for-school to mingle with what she now calls ‘ everyday americans. newline_char in stark contrast to her 2008 campaign — which unraveled fast after iowans rejected her for more a more approachable barack obama — clinton put herself out at the iowa state fair saturday , embracing the masses that engulfed her . newline_char during a july 4 parade in new hampshire just a few weeks ago , clinton separated herself off from reporters and others with a moving corral — which played terribly in the headlines and reinforced the image of a standoff contender who didn ’ t want to interact . story_separator_special_tag agents investigating hillary rodham clinton ’ s private email server are seeking to determine who at the state department passed highly classified information from secure networks to mrs. newline_char clinton said in a statement on friday that she “ took the handling of classified information very seriously. newline_char clinton had “ top secret ” information , the highest classification of government intelligence , in her account . newline_char clinton was secretary of state , the officials said . newline_char clinton ’ s personal account , according to law enforcement and diplomatic officials and others briefed on the investigation . newline_char clinton , who is seeking the 2016 democratic nomination for president , is not a target of the investigation , and she has said there is no evidence that her account was hacked . newline_char clinton ’ s private server , although at this point , any security breaches are speculation . newline_char clinton .
