nroe , 50 , used addresses in shorewood , milwaukee and indiana , according to the complaint , and cast some votes in the names of his son and his girlfriend 's son . newline_char according to the complaint : monroe cast two ballots in the april 2011 supreme court election , two in the august 2011 alberta darling recall election , five in the scott walker-tom barrett recall , one illegal ballot in an august 2012 primary , and two ballots in the november 2012 presidential election . newline_char the complaint indicates the investigation started in waukesha county as an inquiry into possible double voting by monroe 's son , who lives in waukesha . newline_char in the presidential election , monroe cast an in-person absentee ballot in shorewood on nov. newline_char the complaint says investigators went as far as testing absentee ballot envelopes , supposedly sent by other people , to find only monroe 's dna , and no dna of the voters allegedly casting the votes . newline_char monroe faces various counts of election fraud , including registering in more than one place , providing false information to an election official , voting more than once and voting as a disqualified person , for a total 13 felony charges . newline_char " the complaint refers to monroe as an executive within the health care industry who earned a master 's degree in business administration at the university of wisconsin-milwaukee in 2013 . story_separator_special_tag video : shorewood man accused of voting multiple times in elections according to the complaint , the investigation started in waukesha , where investigators wanted to know why monroe 's son had both voted in waukesha and applied for an absentee ballot at the shorewood village hall . newline_char police questioned monroe 's son about the shorewood absentee voter application . newline_char prosecutors tracked monroe 's cellphone to show he voted in wisconsin and indiana in the november 2012 presidential election , and they tested absentee ballots to identify monroe 's dna .
