 had been thought that black rats were responsible for allowing the plague to establish in europe , with new outbreaks occurring when fleas jumped from infected rodents to humans . newline_char they compared tree-ring records from europe with 7,711 historical plague outbreaks to see if the weather conditions would have been optimum for a rat-driven outbreak . newline_char image copyright science photo library image caption the much-maligned black rat may not have caused repeated outbreaks of the plague black rats may not have been to blame for numerous outbreaks of the bubonic plague across europe , a study suggests . newline_char " image copyright science image caption when the weather is favourable , asia 's giant gerbils thrive , increasing the chance of plague transmission instead , the team believes that specific weather conditions in asia may have caused another plague-carrying rodent - the giant gerbil - to thrive . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag humans can be infected through : the bite of infected vector fleas unprotected contact with infectious bodily fluids or contaminated materials the inhalation of respiratory droplets/small particles from a patient with pneumonic plague . newline_char plague is transmitted between animals and humans by the bite of infected fleas , direct contact with infected tissues , and inhalation of infected respiratory droplets . newline_char plague is an infectious disease caused by the bacteria yersinia pestis , a zoonotic bacteria , usually found in small mammals and their fleas . newline_char plague key facts plague is caused by the bacteria yersinia pestis , a zoonotic bacteria usually found in small mammals and their fleas . newline_char plague is a very severe disease in people , particularly in its septicaemic ( systemic infection caused by circulating bacteria in bloodstream ) and pneumonic forms , with a case-fatality ratio of 30 % to 100 % if left untreated . newline_char antibiotic treatment is effective against plague bacteria , so early diagnosis and early treatment can save lives .
