llard had served 29 years of a life sentence for spying on behalf of israel , his hopes for freedom were thwarted when a federal panel denied his request for parole . newline_char pollard to ensure a different result a year later , when he would be eligible for parole after serving 30 years . newline_char pollard , called his client on tuesday with the news . newline_char pollard , one of the country ’ s most notorious spies , will walk out of federal prison in butner , n.c. newline_char pollard , 60 , met the legal standards and would be released just before thanksgiving . story_separator_special_tag must watch jonathan pollard granted parole 02:02 " mr. newline_char ( cnn ) convicted spy for israel jonathan pollard has been granted parole and will be released from an american jail on nov. newline_char just watched jonathan pollard granted parole replay more videos ... newline_char pollard will serve his sentence as mandated by statute for the very serious crimes he committed the president has no intention of altering the terms of mr. newline_char " both the justice department and pollard 's pro bono attorneys , eliot lauer and jacques semmelman , confirmed his release date tuesday . newline_char pollard 's parole . newline_char pollard 's status was determined by the united states parole commission according to standard procedures , and the parole commission 's decision was in no way linked to foreign policy considerations , " said national security spokesman alistair baskey . newline_char the white house has said it wo n't challenge the granting of parole for pollard but denied his release was in any way connected to the iran deal . newline_char netanyahu has long sought pollard 's release , and the prospect has surfaced many times in discussions between the u.s. and israel . newline_char pollard 's release -- exactly 30 years after his arrest -- could help ease the tensions between the united states and israel that have grown over the iran nuclear deal , which president barack obama supports and israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu vehemently opposes .
