ming full circle custodian-turned-engineer michael vaudreuil hired by aerospace firm pratt & whitney • for years , he hustled juggling a full schedule of classes with a full-time , second-shift custodial job . newline_char ” – mike vaudreuil , on a job offer by pratt & whitney vaudreuil ’ s story—enduring setback after professional setback , losing his home , his life savings , and for a while , his hope—has resonated with millions . story_separator_special_tag michael vaudreuil poses with a sign announcing his new job . newline_char decades ago , in 1982 , vaudreuil received an associate ’ s degree in aeronautical engineering but never sought a job in his chosen field . newline_char but the company vaudreuil has chosen attracted him because four of its employees called him , independent of one another , to discuss job opportunities . newline_char vaudreuil , who received a degree in mechanical engineering from worcester polytechnic institute on may 14 , will soon be employed by connecticut-based pratt & whitney as an engineer with the aerospace manufacturer ’ s production integrated product team . newline_char [ read original story : this 54-year-old custodian just graduated from the college he cleaned at night ] although vaudreuil was open-minded about all industries , his choice of a job in aerospace brings the middle-aged father full circle . newline_char ( worcester polytechnic institute ) after the story of michael vaudreuil ’ s graduation from the college he cleaned at night as a custodian went viral , the job offerings poured in from around the country . story_separator_special_tag wpi announced that vaudreuil is leaving for a job in connecticut as an engineer with the aerospace firm pratt & whitney . newline_char ” vaudreuil ’ s graduation drew broad attention last month , as the former plasterer told many news outlets about his journey . newline_char after several years balancing his second-shift custodial gig at worcester polytechnic institute with a full slate of classes there , michael vaudreuil is moving on from the school that helped him reset his career at the age of 54 .
