ose apprehensions were amplified after a u.s. military strike in yemen last month killed a dozen people , including as many as six civilians , in an 11-vehicle convoy that tribal leaders said was part of a wedding procession . newline_char ( the associated press ) on wednesday , there were reports that another u.s. strike had killed a farmer in yemen . newline_char the measure , included in a classified annex to the $ 1.1 trillion federal budget plan , would restrict the use of any funding to transfer unmanned aircraft or the authority to carry out drone strikes from the cia to the pentagon , officials said . newline_char the provision represents an unusually direct intervention by lawmakers into the way covert operations are run , impeding an administration plan aimed at returning the cia ’ s focus to traditional intelligence gathering and possibly bringing more transparency to drone strikes . newline_char congress has moved to block president obama ’ s plan to shift control of the u.s. drone campaign from the cia to the defense department , inserting a secret provision in the massive government spending bill introduced this week that would preserve the spy agency ’ s role in lethal counterterrorism operations , u.s. officials said . story_separator_special_tag this marks the largest death toll by a drone strike in yemen since the drone war ’ s inception . newline_char a young bride traveled to her wedding with her relatives in bayda province , yemen . newline_char senior yemeni officials later admitted that the strike was a “ mistake ” . newline_char some mistake : though the bride survived , the strike is said to have killed at least 14 civilians and injured 22 others , over a third of them seriously . story_separator_special_tag aden ( reuters ) - a yemeni farmer was killed in a u.s. drone strike on wednesday in what witnesses said was an attack apparently intended for suspected islamist militants in southeastern yemen . newline_char last month , at least 15 people were killed and five others injured when a drone mistook a wedding party travelling in the central yemeni province of al-bayda for an al qaeda convoy .
