lice say paramedics found sementilli bleeding profusely monday afternoon at the gated house in the upscale woodland hills neighborhood . newline_char homicide detectives are investigating the death of fabio sementilli , an internationally known hairdresser and beauty company executive found beaten and stabbed outside his los angeles home . newline_char homicide detectives determined that sementilli suffered several stab wounds to his neck and upper torso , police said . newline_char canadian-born fabio sementilli , 49 , died at the scene . story_separator_special_tag it is with great sadness modern salon reports the passing of coty professional beauty vice president of education fabio sementilli , who died suddenly and tragically monday evening january 23 , 2017 , at his woodland hills home . story_separator_special_tag if anyone knows what an impact sementilli made on the hairstyling industry , it ’ s certainly eden sassoon , the daughter of another industry icon vidal sassoon and star of real housewives of beverly hills . newline_char fabio sementilli , 49 , was found dead around 5 p.m. monday on the back patio of his home in the 5000 block of queen victoria road . newline_char they believed two men broke into sementilli ’ s home and drove off in his black 2008 porsche 911 carrera with paper plates . story_separator_special_tag paramedics found the 49-year-old sementilli on monday on the patio of a gated house in the upscale woodland hills neighborhood . newline_char ( associated press ) los angeles ( ap ) — police on tuesday were investigating the killing of internationally known hairdresser and beauty company executive fabio sementilli , who was found beaten and stabbed at a los angeles home . newline_char homicide detectives are investigating the death of fabio sementilli , an internationally known ... newline_char the canadian-born sementilli worked for decades as a trendsetting hair stylist and served as vice president of education for beauty products giant coty inc .
