e public affairs director brian hale said in a written statement that the department would respond " directly and strongly " to the lawsuit in court , but noted internal measures were being taken over the claims against barr . newline_char both accounts described the actions of barr , who was also mentioned in hayes ' lawsuit . newline_char in the newly emerging affidavits , one of the employees claimed that in october 2009 , while in a discussion about halloween plans , the individual witnessed barr turn to a senior ice employee and say : " you a sexy " ( expletive deleted ) . newline_char the other account recalled a trip to colombia in late 2009 , attended by ice director john morton , barr and ray parmer , who is ice special agent in charge for homeland security investigations in new orleans . newline_char barr has voluntarily placed herself on leave pending the outcome of this review , " ice public affairs director brian hale said in a written statement . story_separator_special_tag hayes ’ s lawyer , morris eli fischer , said other ice employees had filed affidavits in support of mr. newline_char hayes ’ s lawsuit , however , no employee had filed a sexual harassment complaint against ms. newline_char , also accuses the agency ’ s chief of staff , suzanne barr , of “ sexually offensive behavior ” that contributed to a discriminatory work environment for male employees . newline_char barr , the lawsuit alleges , “ created a frat house-type atmosphere that is targeted to humiliate and intimidate male employees. newline_char hayes ’ s lawsuit , also alleging inappropriate behavior by ms. newline_char the discrimination lawsuit , which names janet napolitano , the homeland security secretary , as the sole defendant , was filed in may by mr. newline_char advertisement continue reading the main story a discrimination and retaliation lawsuit has embroiled the upper reaches of the federal government ’ s immigration enforcement agency , contributing to a sense of turmoil in a bureaucracy that has been suffering major labor conflicts between senior officials and employees .
