mocrats hailed president obama 's move thursday to halt deportations for millions of immigrants living in the country illegally . newline_char but the lawmakers were quick to frame the executive actions as merely the first step on a much longer path toward overhauling the immigration system , a move they say only congress can take . story_separator_special_tag ahead of president obama 's prime-time address announcing his plans to take executive action on immigration policy , house speaker john a. newline_char " ( youtube/john boehner ) ahead of president obama 's prime-time address announcing his plans to take executive action on immigration policy , house speaker john a. newline_char " ( youtube/john boehner ) just two weeks ago , republicans handed president obama a humiliating defeat at the polls , winning full control of congress . story_separator_special_tag in a blistering speech that quoted obama ’ s past statements about his limited unilateral powers on the subject of immigration , the gop leader did not specify what action that his republican senate will take next year , whether it be zeroing out funding for government agencies in a spending bill , taking the white house to court or taking a confrontational stance to the president ’ s nominees , as suggested by sen. newline_char incoming senate majority leader mitch mcconnell promised on thursday morning that congress will respond forcefully in 2015 to president barack obama ’ s imminent executive action that will defer deportation for millions of undocumented immigrants . newline_char ( also on politico : obama to shield 5 million from deportation ) “ he needs to understand something . newline_char immigration mitch mcconnell promises forceful immigration response the gop leader did not specify what action his republican senate will take next year . story_separator_special_tag obama ’ s sweeping changes to the u.s ... newline_char . ( associated press ) andrea miller , director of the oregon immigrant-rights group causa , talks about the speech given by president barack obama outlining plans for relief from deportation for up to 5 million immigrants , in ...
