iends and colleagues of dutch hiv researcher dr joep lange took to social media to express shock that he was among the victims . newline_char " a number of colleagues and friends en route to attend the 20th international aids conference taking place in melbourne , australia , were on board the malaysia airlines mh17 flight that has crashed over ukraine , " michael kessler of the international aids society ( ias ) said in a statement . newline_char it was due to connect with another malaysia airlines flight scheduled to arrive in melbourne on friday night . newline_char " organisers of the international aids conference , due to begin in melbourne on sunday , have not released numbers , but did confirm expected attendees were among the dead . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag stunned researchers , activists and development workers arriving at melbourne airport paid tribute to aids researcher joep lange and the other attendees believed killed aboard mh17 . newline_char jonathan quick , head of a not-for–profit medicine supply company working with the global fund and the us government in africa and latin america , described professor lange as a force for change in hiv/aids treatment . newline_char it is believed that delegates to the 20th international aids conference , due to begin on sunday , will be informed today that 108 of their colleagues and family members died on mh17 . newline_char more than 100 aids activists , researchers and health workers bound for a major conference in melbourne were on the malaysia airlines flight downed in the ukraine . newline_char activist and journalist sean strub , who runs the new york based poz magazine , said the conference was shaken by the tragedy and by professor lange ’ s death . newline_char video image world loses hiv expert in mh17 disaster 1:18 play video professor francoise barr-sinousi addresses the national press club with words of grief and loss over colleague and hiv expert joep lange , amongst hundreds dead in the crash of flight mh17 .
