inese technology tycoon jack ma is recanting his promise to create one million jobs in the u.s. newline_char made the pledge when he met with then-president-elect trump in january 2017 , saying the jobs would be created by supporting more sales by u.s. small businesses on alibaba ’ s e-commerce platforms . newline_char in ... story_separator_special_tag in the xinhua interview , ma said alibaba " will not stop promoting the healthy development of china-us trade . newline_char chinese tech billionaire jack ma 's promise to create 1 million new us jobs is the latest casualty of the trade war . newline_char " a spokeswoman for alibaba , china 's biggest e-commerce company , confirmed ma 's comments to cnn . newline_char analysts had already expressed serious doubts about the pledge , which alibaba announced after trump and ma met at trump tower in new york in january 2017 . newline_char ma 's vague promise was n't based on alibaba investing in the united states to build factories or fulfillment centers . newline_char " this promise was on the basis of friendly china-us cooperation and reasonable bilateral trade relations , but the current situation has already destroyed that basis , " ma said . newline_char " it 's going to last long , it 's going to be a mess , " ma said tuesday in hangzhou , the city where alibaba is based . newline_char alibaba held a big conference in detroit last year to encourage american small businesses and farmers to sell their products to chinese consumers through its platforms . newline_char the 54-year-old tycoon , who set up alibaba in his apartment nearly two decades ago , announced this month that he will step down as executive chairman of the company next year . newline_char -- yong xiong and sherisse pham contributed to this report . newline_char but in an interview published late wednesday by china 's official news agency , xinhua , ma said the waves of new tariffs imposed by washington and beijing in recent months have undermined the plan .
