tory_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag ( associated press ) washington ( ap ) — congress gave final approval friday to a giant $ 1.3 trillion spending bill that ends the budget battles for now , but only after late obstacles skirted close to another shutdown as conservatives objected to big outlays on democratic priorities at a time when republicans control the house , senate and white house . newline_char in all , 90 house republicans , including many from the conservative house freedom caucus , voted against the bill , as did two dozen republicans in the senate . newline_char trump only reluctantly backed the bill he would have to sign , according to republican lawmakers and aides , who acknowledged the deal involved necessary trade-offs for the democratic votes that were needed for passage despite their majority lock on congress . newline_char , speak to reporters about the massive government spending bill moving through congress , on capitol hill in washington , thursday , march 22 , 2018 . newline_char , speak to reporters about the massive government spending bill moving through congress , on capitol hill in ... newline_char , who opposes the bill and speaks regularly to trump . newline_char the bipartisan $ 1.3 trillion spending bill pours huge sums into ... newline_char " once the opponents relented , the senate began voting , clearing the package by a 65-32 vote a full day before friday 's midnight deadline to fund the government . newline_char the omnibus spending bill was supposed to be an antidote to the stopgap measures congress has been forced to pass — five in this fiscal year alone — to keep government temporarily running amid partisan fiscal disputes . newline_char senate passage shortly after midnight averted a third federal shutdown this year , an outcome both parties wanted to avoid . newline_char along with the recent gop tax cuts law , the bill that stood a foot tall at some lawmakers ' desks ushers in the return of $ 1 trillion deficits .
