 wisconsin ! newline_char we also crawl uw system and colleges administration and uw extension web sites.the stem cell research archives project at the university of wisconsin-madison libraries collects , preserves , and provides access to records of stem cell research at uw-madison and reactions in wisconsin to work accomplished or underway at uw-madison.for more information about these collections or uw campus history , visit http : //archives.library.wisc.edu or contact uwarchiv @ library.wisc.edu . story_separator_special_tag no single city in mainland china made it into wealth-x 's top 10 in terms of its number of super-rich individuals . newline_char rising asian wealth has been helped by increasing consumer spending , more investment in infrastructure and economic reforms , among other factors , wealth-x said . newline_char " the dynamism of wealth creation across china 's vast landscape is nevertheless staggering , " the report read . newline_char china 's rapid economic growth in recent decades has helped drive a dramatic increase in the number of ultra-rich people in the region . newline_char china faces headwinds from its trade war with the united states and the huge levels of debt in its financial system . newline_char hong kong overtook the big apple to become the top destination for the planet 's wealthiest people last year , according to a study published thursday by research firm wealth-x . newline_char it said the rise in the number of ultra rich in hong kong was propelled by its booming stock market and growing financial links with the broader chinese economy . newline_char and by one estimate , china alone already has more billionaires than the united states . newline_char the number of ultra-high-net-worth individuals ( uhnwis ) residing in the asian financial hub rose by almost a third in 2017 to 10,000 , the study said . newline_char but asia , and china in particular , are catching up . newline_char it said that was because chinese wealth was not concentrated in any one area , but distributed around the country . newline_char " asia-pacific is forecast to close the ultra-wealth gap with other regions over the next five years , " the report added . newline_char but things could get tougher in 2018 .
