new female species of praying mantis has been named after supreme court justice ruth bader ginsburg in honor of her work for gender equality . newline_char cleveland museum of natural history scientists announced wednesday the madagascar species would be called the llomantis ginsburgae . story_separator_special_tag scientists from the cleveland museum of natural history published the first formal study to use female genital structures to delimit a new species of praying mantis in the journal insect systematics & evolution . newline_char the research is the first formal study to use female genital structures to delimit a new species of praying mantis . newline_char credit : rick wherley , cleveland museum of natural history expand caption the female genital structure of ilomantis ginsburgae was analyzed to describe the leaf-dwelling praying mantis as a new species . newline_char credit : rick wherley , cleveland museum of natural history expand caption the female genital structure of ilomantis ginsburgae was analyzed to describe the leaf-dwelling praying mantis as a new species . newline_char scientists from the cleveland museum of natural history pioneered and established the validity of using female specimens in the classification of praying mantises in research published in the journal insect systematics & evolution . newline_char the authors also named the species for ginsburg for her appreciation of the jabot , a decorative neck accessory , which resembles the neck plate of the insect.for the study , the researchers examined 30 praying mantis specimens from three museums . newline_char they described a new species of leaf-dwelling mantis by establishing a female genitalia character system . newline_char ilomantis ginsburgae is a new species of leaf-dwelling praying mantis from madagascar . newline_char credit : rick wherley , cleveland museum of natural history expand caption sydney brannoch , a ph.d. candidate at the cleveland museum of natural history , led research that pioneered a new method to classify praying mantises by establishing a female genitalia character system .
