tory_separator_special_tag google ’ s youtube has reached a preliminary deal to buy twitch , a popular videogame-streaming company , for more than $ 1 billion , according to sources familiar with the pact . newline_char youtube is preparing for u.s. regulators to challenge the twitch deal , according to sources . newline_char see also : why google wants to hitch twitch and youtube san francisco-based twitch lets users upload and watch free , live gameplay videos that can be streamed from microsoft xbox one and sony playstation 4 consoles , and also sells a $ 9 monthly ad-free subscription and subscriptions to individual channels for about $ 5 per month . newline_char see also : major league gaming , twitch compete to become the espn of videogames gameplay videos already are a highly popular category on youtube . newline_char reps for youtube and twitch declined to comment . newline_char twitch interactive , which includes justin.tv , has about 130 employees . newline_char 1 platform for internet video , serving more than 6 billion hours of video per month to 1 billion users worldwide , and the company expects the justice department to take a hard look at whether buying twitch raises anticompetitive issues in the online-video market . newline_char shear currently serves as ceo of twitch . newline_char twitch also plays in the separate “ e-sports ” market covering live professional gaming competitions ; others in that space include tournament organizer major league gaming , a new york-based company whose investors include oak investment partners and relativity media ceo ryan kavanaugh . newline_char twitch was launched in june 2011 by justin kan and emmett shear , co-founders of justin.tv , one of the first websites to host livestreaming user-generated video . newline_char in march 2014 , twitch represented 1.35 % of all downstream bandwidth on north american fixed-access broadband networks — nearly triple from last fall , according to bandwidth-equipment company sandvine .
