mere 10 days after mayweather turned himself in to begin his three-month sentence , his legal team filed an emergency motion monday asking the court to put him under house arrest or move him into the general jail population _ something that jail officials had avoided to protect the celebrity fighter . newline_char saragosa said mayweather 's complaints that he is unable to exercise in jail are also unfounded . newline_char floyd mayweather jr. newline_char voy estimated mayweather was consuming fewer than 800 calories a day instead of his usual 3,000 or 4,000 calories . newline_char ( associated press ) justice of the peace melissa saragosa wrote in her late wednesday decision that water has been made available to mayweather around the clock and the only reason he is n't eating properly is because he refuses to eat the provided meals . newline_char " while the physical training areas and times provided to ( mayweather ) may not be consistent with his prior regimen , he is indeed provided sufficient space and time for physical activity if he so chooses , " saragosa wrote . story_separator_special_tag on mayweather 's claim that he 's dehydrated behind bars -- saying the boxer 's condition is " self-induced as water is made available to [ floyd ] twenty-four hours a day . newline_char judge to floyd mayweather : if you 're shriveling up , it 's your fault judge to floyd mayweather -- if you 're shriveling up , it 's your fault exclusive just got knocked out by a nevada judge ... newline_char essentially ruling mayweather is acting like a baby.floyd had begged the court to let him finish out his sentence for domestic violence on house arrest ... newline_char because he 's dehydrated and malnourished and it 's taking a toll on his body and putting his boxing career in jeopardy.but moments ago , a judge denied mayweather 's request -- ordering him to serve out the remainder of his 3-month sentence behind bars.according to court docs obtained by tmz , the judge called b.s .
