e researchers analyzed mitochondrial dna from 1,633 whales and found low genetic diversity . newline_char this , in turn , can also threaten future diversity , preventing the whales from straying too far from their region and mixing with others . newline_char in 2002 , for example , researchers found that killer whales lack diversity in their genes despite their large population size—likely due to some past event that once dramatically reduced their population . newline_char this lack of diversity leaves the whales more susceptible to things like climate change that disturb their preferred habitat . newline_char platt writes for hakai magazine , modern sperm whales seem to have all descended from a single female . newline_char yet these social structures now restrict the ability of sperm whales to differentiate and prevent new dna from getting into the stream . newline_char sperm whales may have an elusive “ eve , ” but today ’ s moms will need to get out more for the sake of their species . newline_char more data didn ’ t help uncover more diversity—instead , it confirmed ties to a single female whale who , at some point in the last 80,000 years , became the “ mother ” of all sperm whales who followed . newline_char though it would make sense to have a single mother in a single area—an ancestor who , say , really loved the pacific ocean—this mom ’ s genes have been found in sperm whales all over the world . story_separator_special_tag therefore , both geographic philopatry and social philopatry influence genetic structure in the sperm whale , but their relative importance differs by sex and ocean , reflecting breeding behaviour , geographic features and perhaps a more recent origin of sperm whales in the pacific . newline_char by investigating the interplay of evolutionary forces operating at different temporal and geographic scales , we show that sperm whales are perhaps a unique example of a worldwide population expansion followed by rapid assortment due to female social organization .
