tory_separator_special_tag allen said bradley convinced the uc employees to release the medical records , violating state and federal laws . newline_char a cincinnati woman who was diagnosed with a sexually transmitted disease has filed a lawsuit against uc medical center after an employee allegedly posted the woman 's medical records on facebook . newline_char in the lawsuit filed in hamilton county tuesday , the woman is suing uc medical center , an employee named ryan rawls , another unnamed uc employee who 's believed to be a nurse , and the woman 's ex-boyfriend , raphael bradley . newline_char watch this story| latest update to story here attorney mike allen said employees at uc medical center took the photo and posted it on facebook . story_separator_special_tag . ( photo : provided ) story highlights lawsuit : uc medical center employee posted patient 's records to facebook medical files showing woman 's diagnosis of syphilis allegedly posted by an employee to facebook group called " team no hoes " in september 2013 woman seeking more than $ 25,000 in damages for invasion of privacy , emotional and malice a winton hills woman who was being treated for a sexually transmitted disease at the university of cincinnati medical center is suing the hospital , accusing an employee of posting her medical records to facebook . newline_char the lawsuit claims that rawls , along with the unknown nurse at uc , posted records online at the request of bradley . newline_char the lawsuit also claims the health system and uc medical center negligently supervised rawls and has not done enough to identify the other unknown employee allegedly involved . newline_char shawntelle turley is also suing ryan rawls , named as an employee of uc medical center , an unnamed employee at uc medical and raphael bradley , her ex-boyfriend . newline_char while the allegations are isolated to the people named in the lawsuit and by no means reflect the conduct of ucmc associates , who are dedicated to serving thousands of patients annually and safeguarding their phi ( or personal health information ) , i would like to remind everyone that the unauthorized access or viewing of medical records , or the unauthorized sharing of phi , is a serious violation of federal medical privacy laws and regulations and cause for immediate termination .
