dowell county update : a landslide has comprised the integrity of lake tahoma dam . newline_char mcdowell county update : a landslide has comprised the integrity of lake tahoma dam . newline_char the flash flooding emergency expired at 10:30 a.m. around the same time , officials lifted the mandatory evacuation order after deeming the dam safe . newline_char / updated by kurt chirbas , alice tidey and elizabeth chuck thousands of north carolina residents were allowed to return home wednesday after a landslide caused by heavy rains prompted mandatory evacuations near a dam , officials said . story_separator_special_tag 00:55 evacuation orders lifted in north carolina flood threat the evacuation orders in mcdowell county , n.c. have been lifted , and an engineer has deemed the lake tahoma dam safe for now . newline_char evacuations have been lifted after a dam in western north carolina was deemed structurally sound despite earlier fears that mudslides and flooding triggered by tropical depression alberto could cause the structure to fail . newline_char mcdowell county emergency management ordered mandatory evacuations for all residents living below lake tahoma dam along buck creek and along the catawba river from buck creek and lake tahoma road to the mouth of lake james , based on the recommendation from on-site dam engineers . newline_char evacuations were ordered below the lake tahoma dam in mcdowell county . newline_char after the dam was examined , mcdowell county emergency management said there was no danger , and all evacuation orders were lifted . story_separator_special_tag mcdowell county update : a landslide has comprised the integrity of lake tahoma dam . newline_char mcdowell county update : a landslide has comprised the integrity of lake tahoma dam . story_separator_special_tag after midnight tuesday , the national weather service had declared a flash flood emergency in the area : mcdowell county emergency management reports water is spilling around the sides of lake tahoma dam . newline_char mcdowell county emergency management said some 2,000 people from campgrounds and residential communities near the dam and lake had evacuated , with roughly 200 at shelters .
