del , who faces a maximum of 180 days in jail and a fine of up to $ 1,000 , was charged tuesday in d.c. superior court with misdemeanor cocaine possession and is scheduled to appear in court on wednesday . newline_char ” radel was arrested in a drug enforcement agency bust when his alleged dealer , arrested in a separate case , led authorities to the congressman , officials said . newline_char radel then allegedly bought cocaine from an undercover agent in washington 's dupont circle neighborhood . newline_char “ i 'm profoundly sorry to let down my family , particularly my wife and son , and the people of southwest florida , " the 37-year-old republican , whose legal name is henry jude radel iii , said in a statement . story_separator_special_tag trey radel , a florida republican elected in 2012 , will be in court wednesday on charges that he possessed cocaine . newline_char the associated press , citing an unnamed dea official , said radel allegedly bought cocaine from a dealer in the dupont circle area who had been previously arrested as part of a federal probe . newline_char radel , 37 , was charged with misdemeanor possession of cocaine in d.c. superior court on tuesday . story_separator_special_tag according to the associated press a drug enforcement administration official said radel was arrested after buying cocaine from an undercover law enforcement officer . newline_char the official , who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to release details of the case in his own name , said radel was identified to authorities as a cocaine buyer by his suspected dealer . newline_char congressman trey radel released the following statement : “ i 'm profoundly sorry to let down my family , particularly my wife and son , and the people of southwest florida . newline_char trey radel , r-fort myers , is scheduled to appear in court wednesday one day after the d.c. superior courts charged him with possession of a controlled substance , a misdemeanor .
