nce taking over the most active bitcoin exchange in 2011 , i ran mtgox until filing for civil rehabilitation on february 28th 2014 ( which became bankruptcy less than 2 months later ) because a large amount of bitcoins went missing . newline_char dear community , many of you know or remember me , especially recently since the mtgox bankruptcy has been allegedly linked with bitcoin price drops in december 2017 to february 2018 . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag mark karpeles , center , chief executive of defunct bitcoin exchange mt gox , attends a news conference after a trial on charges of embezzlement in tokyo , japan july 11 , 2017 . newline_char reuters/toru hanai london — the ceo of collapsed bitcoin exchange mt gox said he will do his best to return the hundreds of millions of dollars of cryptocurrency to those who lost out when the exchange blew up in 2014 . newline_char japanese-based cryptocurrency exchange mt gox was once the biggest bitcoin exchange in the world but collapsed four years ago after suffering a huge hack , losing around 850,000 bitcoins . newline_char bitcoin has surged in value since the collapse of mt gox , which held around 200,000 bitcoin when it went bust . newline_char mark karpeles took to reddit on wednesday to do an " ask me anything " ( ama ) session , answering questions from former customers who had lost out in mt gox 's collapse . story_separator_special_tag gox had sought bankruptcy protection , announcing that 850,000 of its bitcoins , worth some $ 473 million at the time—and representing 7 % of all bitcoins then in existence—had somehow disappeared . newline_char gox hack remains the worst disaster in bitcoin ’ s short history . newline_char gox ’ s office and the price of bitcoin in free fall , the usually unflappable frenchman had been confined to a self-imposed house arrest , subsisting on the buttery pastries he liked to bake and reading the hate mail that flooded in from all corners of the internet—most of it accusing him of stealing the money himself .
