ring his speech in phoenix on tuesday night , donald trump spat out the nickname “ antifa , ” short for “ anti-fascist ” but also a reference to a particular strand of aggressive left-wing activism . newline_char despite the spurious rhetoric of equivalency , supporters of antifa have , to date , killed no one . newline_char considering normal political action hopeless , some antifa activists claim inspiration from the left-wing paramilitaries of weimar germany and from the black panther party . newline_char considering normal political action hopeless , some antifa activists claim inspiration from the left-wing paramilitaries of weimar germany and from the black panther party . newline_char trump ’ s telling , the presence of antifa activists during the violence in charlottesville , va. newline_char trump ’ s “ blame both sides ” rhetoric ; overnight , antifa — and its assumed synonym , “ alt-left ” — have become right-wing shibboleths , right there with “ social justice warrior ” and “ liberal snowflake. story_separator_special_tag no less a left-wing eminence than noam chomsky calls the antifa “ a minuscule fringe of the left ” and “ a major gift to the right. newline_char ” few antifa groups wear masks or carry firearms , though in a street confrontation , especially in an open-carry state like virginia , where the charlottesville police did not separate rival groups , a few firearms go a long way . newline_char considering normal political action hopeless , some antifa activists claim inspiration from the left-wing paramilitaries of weimar germany and from the black panther party . newline_char considering normal political action hopeless , some antifa activists claim inspiration from the left-wing paramilitaries of weimar germany and from the black panther party . newline_char one group calling itself redneck revolt ( “ putting the red back in redneck ” ) displayed rifles in charlottesville and took credit — witnesses agree — for protecting the larger crowd of antifa demonstrators .
