tory_separator_special_tag lucie county sheriff 's office arrest affidavit released thursday , 32-year-old joseph schreiber was developed as a suspect in the fire sunday at the islamic center of fort pierce in part because of a tip . newline_char lucie county sheriff 's office investigators , and charged with arson after a tip came in to deputies tuesday night identifying schreiber as the suspect in the mosque arson . newline_char schreiber was arrested in connection with the fire at the islamic center of fort pierce , which sustained extensive damage in a blaze set late sunday , on the 15th anniversary of the 9/11 terror attacks . newline_char schreiber was arrested wednesday by st. newline_char detectives say that after his arrest wednesday , schreiber admitted setting the fire , said he had no intention of hurting anyone and was embarrassed to have committed the crime . story_separator_special_tag the case is being prosecuted as a hate crime under florida law , and the suspect , joseph michael schreiber , 32 , faces at least 30 years in prison if convicted of committing monday ’ s arson attack , according to the st. newline_char at a news conference announcing an arrest on wednesday , sheriff ’ s major david thompson said schreiber owns a motorcycle like the one seen in the video . newline_char schreiber was arrested without incident on wednesday while walking along a sidewalk in fort pierce , thompson said . newline_char schreiber is accused of starting the blaze that heavily damaged the islamic center of fort pierce , a place of worship for gunman omar mateen before he shot 49 people to death and wounded 53 others at a gay nightclub in june . newline_char an examination of schreiber ’ s social media account also uncovered “ multiple anti-islamic posts and comments , ” thompson said . newline_char ( reuters ) - a florida man who investigators say posted anti-islamic material on social media was arrested on wednesday on charges of setting fire to a mosque attended by the gunman who committed the deadliest mass shooting in modern u.s. history , police said .
