esident obama will hold a meeting with democrats on capitol hill on wednesday to discuss how to protect the affordable care act next year against republican efforts to dismantle his signature domestic achievement . newline_char incoming senate minority leader chuck schumer has promised to try and block republicans ' repeal efforts next year , as well as a conservative replacement . newline_char the meeting will include both house and senate democrats , a senior democratic aide confirmed . newline_char republicans are planning a rapid repeal of the affordable care act early next year , a move that would finally fulfill a gop campaign promise but also throw the country 's health insurance markets into uncertainty . story_separator_special_tag democrats are also launching a broader health care offensive against republicans that focuses not only on their push to repeal obamacare but any prospective efforts from the gop to overhaul medicare and medicaid . newline_char | getty obama to huddle with hill democrats on saving obamacare president barack obama will head to capitol hill wednesday to meet with congressional democrats about how to shield obamacare from republican efforts to dismantle it , a capitol hill source told politico . newline_char story continued below with republican vowing to begin repealing obamacare almost immediately when the 115th congress convenes next week , democratic lawmakers are immersed in strategy sessions on how to protect the nearly seven-year-old health care law . newline_char still , if the pillars of obamacare are successfully dismantled , moderate democrats — particularly those senators up for reelection in 2018 — could come under considerable pressure to help republicans replace the law and are already openly entertaining that option . newline_char ) has promised to stand firm against repeal efforts and subsequently , republican efforts to replace the affordable care act with a more conservative framework . newline_char and a conference call convened by house democrats earlier this week focused largely on emphasizing the benefits of obamacare , with house minority leader nancy pelosi ( d-calif.
