shner spoke to reporters at the white house monday after meeting with senate investigators probing russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election and possible ties to the trump campaign . newline_char ( associated press ) washington ( ap ) — the latest on president donald trump and the russia investigations ( all times local ) : 1:25 p.m. white house senior adviser and president donald trump 's son-in-law jared kushner says he did not collude with russia . newline_char " kushner says he " had no improper contacts " with russia and says his actions were entirely " proper . story_separator_special_tag by kushner ’ s own account , he met with russian nationals four times during the presidential campaign and transition . story_separator_special_tag " i did not collude , nor know of anyone else in the campaign who colluded , with any foreign government , " kushner says in the statement . story_separator_special_tag related : jared kushner ’ s full statement to congress " records and documents i ’ ve provided will show all of my actions were proper and occurred in the normal course of events in a very unique campaign , " he said . newline_char jared kushner told reporters monday he had done nothing wrong , that no collusion with russia had taken place , and that his father-in-law won in november because he ran a better campaign than hillary clinton — not because he got help from moscow . newline_char i did not collude with russia , nor do i know of anyone else in the campaign who did so , " kushner , a senior presidential adviser , said at a podium in front of the white house after more than two hours of questions behind closed doors from staff of the senate intelligence committee . story_separator_special_tag kushner to congressional committees july 24 , 2017 i am voluntarily providing this statement , submitting documents , and sitting for interviews in order to shed light on issues that have been raised about my role in the trump for president campaign and during the transition period .
