alex wong/getty images conservatives introduce measure demanding mueller ’ s resignation it ’ s the latest sign of gop resistance to the special counsel ’ s russia probe . newline_char story continued below “ [ b ] e it resolved , that house of representatives expresses its sense that robert mueller is compromised and should resign from his special counsel position immediately , ” the resolution states . story_separator_special_tag matt gaetz of florida , andy biggs of arizona , and louie gohmert of texas say mueller should step down because he was the fbi director in 2010 when us government agencies approved the sale of uranium one , a canadian energy company , to a russian nuclear-energy firm . newline_char gaetz cites a lack of charges relating to a 2010 uranium deal approved by us government agencies under mueller 's watch as the reason . newline_char gaetz says the issue is that mueller 's fbi had found evidence of criminal activity that may have been relevant to the deal but did not bring any charges , and that mueller therefore should recuse himself from the current investigation . newline_char matt gaetz of florida is calling for robert mueller to resign as the special counsel investigating russia 's interference in the 2016 us election . story_separator_special_tag ” gaetz was referring to mueller ’ s supervision of a bribery probe involving a subsidiary of russia ’ s rosatom , which eventually got approval from the u.s. to buy a canadian mining company , uranium one , that controlled a swath of american uranium reserves . newline_char mueller facing new republican pressure to resign in russia probe gaetz also pointed to the fbi informant , whose gag order was lifted by the justice department last week , and is now able to provide information to congress , free of the fbi ’ s nondisclosure agreement he signed when mueller served as director . newline_char the fbi , led at the time by robert mueller , required the confidential witness to sign a non-disclosure agreement .
