ter explaining that her puffy face was a result of steroid treatment for a sinus infection and her larger frame the result of " a lazy six months of not exercising , " judd has this to say : i hope the sharing of my thoughts can generate a new conversation : why was a puffy face cause for such a conversation in the first place ? newline_char given that she 's the daughter of naomi judd and sister to wynonna- women known for being outspoken- it 's not all that surprising that ashley judd could n't keep quiet after being publicly lambasted by the media over her appearance . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag i 've never thought much about ashley judd beyond the blandest adjectives—she 's pretty , she seems nice , her pores look really small—but it turns out she 's also a smart , bold , kickass feminist . newline_char ashley judd 's face is puffy because ashley judd is sick and on fucking steroids , you intrusive , judgmental dicks . newline_char ashley judd is filling her face with facial fillers ! newline_char ashley judd is injecting butt-fat into her face so her face looks more like a sexy butt ! newline_char ashley judd gets her face stung by therapeutic bees ! newline_char in an essay for the daily beast today , following weeks of tasteless speculation about the puffiness of her face , judd smacks down her detractors and frames the entire kerfuffle ( along with our celebrity-shredding culture at large ) as " a misogynistic assault on all women . newline_char my love for ashley judd grew three sizes this day . newline_char in case you have n't been obsessively following judd-puff-maggedon 2012 ( because you possess actual priorities , a conscience , a desire to take a nap , or literally anything else to do ) , here 's a brief refresher : the tabloid press—and , by extension , the entire internet—recently noticed that medium-famous celebrity-woman ashley judd went from having a regular beautiful face to a very-slightly-puffier-than-average beautiful face .
