rther reading dangerous shortage of essential antibiotics is all about $ $ experts blame the shortages on a combination of factors , including problems getting raw materials , issues with aging facilities where many old drugs are manufactured , and consolidation in the industry that reduces the number of potential suppliers . newline_char the medicine in short supply : solutions of sodium bicarbonate—aka , baking soda . newline_char with the shortage of sodium bicarbonate , hospitals are postponing surgeries and chemotherapy treatments . newline_char there ’ s also the concern that because generic drugs are unlikely to drive profits , drug companies may not make necessary investments to maintain supplies . newline_char as hospitals and pharmacists struggle with the sodium bicarbonate shortage , experts note that it ’ s just the latest example of stocks of inexpensive , essential generic medicines hitting alarming lows . newline_char for example , there was a sodium bicarbonate scarcity in 2012 and a similarly alarming shortage of saline solution in 2014 . newline_char amid a national shortage of a critical medicine , us hospitals are hoarding vials , delaying surgeries , and turning away patients , the new york times reports . story_separator_special_tag peoria — a national shortage of a common drug is prompting hospitals to conserve their supply for only the most necessary applications . newline_char while the new york times has reported that a shortage of sodium bicarbonate has forced some hospitals to delay chemotherapy treatments and operations or send patients across town , both osf healthcare and unitypoint health-peoria say that in light of the shortage , the hospitals have been conservative with their supplies without resorting to such drastic measures . newline_char sodium bicarbonate is just one of dozens of drugs listed in shortage by the fda and american society of hospital pharmacists . newline_char while the drug is simple , it 's also critical to some hospital operations .
