ad johnson ripped by judge for slapping lawyer 's ass chad johnson -- ripped by judge for slapping lawyer 's ass exclusive -- chad is currently at jail and is being booked. newline_char . but the judge was n't amused.in fact , the judge found the move disrespectful -- and lashed out at johnson ... newline_char after the former nfl star playfully slapped his male lawyer 's ass -- a move that enraged the judge , tmz has learned.johnson was in court in broward county , fl to face the judge for his recent probation violation in his domestic violence case.during the hearing , the judge and chad 's lawyer were about to finalize the terms of chad 's punishment -- terms that were pretty favorable to chad.but the whole thing fell apart at the last minute , when the judge asked chad if he was satisfied with his attorney -- and the ex-nfl star reached back and playfully slapped his lawyer 's ass.chad smiled ... story_separator_special_tag former nfl star chad johnson was sentenced monday to 30 days in jail for a probation violation in a domestic violence case by a judge who angrily rejected a no-jail plea deal after johnson playfully slapped his attorney on the backside in court . newline_char it was all set until johnson , when asked by mchugh if he was satisfied with his lawyer adam swickle , gave the attorney a light swat on the rear _ as football players routinely do to each other on the field . newline_char broward county circuit judge kathleen mchugh said she would tack on an additional three months ' probation because johnson had failed to meet with his probation officer during three previous months . newline_char ( associated press ) johnson , known as chad ochocinco for his jersey number in spanish during his playing days , had reached a deal with prosecutors calling for community service and counseling instead of jail . newline_char it 's not funny , " johnson told the judge " my life is in a shambles right now and i try my best to laugh and keep a smile on my face . newline_char " but mchugh , who could have given johnson up to a year in jail , was not moved . newline_char 12 , 2012 file photo , chad johnson , center , leaves broward county jail in fort lauderdale , fla.
