more years of education was associated with a lower risk for dementia , and average years of education increased significantly , ” they wrote . newline_char 21 , 2016 , 8:37 pm gmt by maggie fox rates of alzheimer ’ s disease and other types of dementia appear to have fallen considerably since 2000 , and better education may be partly responsible , researchers reported monday . newline_char “ rising levels of education among u.s. adults over the past 25 years may also have contributed to decreased dementia risk . newline_char “ our study , along with prior studies , supports the notion that ‘ cognitive reserve ’ resulting from early life and lifelong education and cognitive stimulation may be a potent strategy for the primary prevention of dementia in both high- and low-income countries around the world , ” they wrote . story_separator_special_tag while the prevalence of dementia cases dropped , the average amount of education in the study population increased . newline_char researchers do n't know why education should be a protector against dementia , says dr. newline_char dementia risk declines , and education may be one reason why enlarge this image toggle caption alfred pasieka/science photo library/getty images alfred pasieka/science photo library/getty images some encouraging news in the battle against alzheimer 's disease and other forms of dementia : the rate at which older americans are getting these conditions is declining . newline_char put in more human terms , " that 's well over a million people who do n't have dementia , who would have had it if the rates had stayed the same as 2000 rates , " says john haaga , who directs the division of behavioral and social research at the national institute on aging , which funded the study . story_separator_special_tag findings in this observational cohort study of more than 21 000 us adults 65 years or older from the nationally representative health and retirement study , dementia prevalence declined significantly , from 11.6 % in 2000 to 8.8 % in 2012 .
