former prime minister of norway tells abc7 he was questioned and prevented from leaving dulles airport for about an hour tuesday , apparently because he had visited iran in 2014 . newline_char bondevik is president of a human rights organization called the oslo center , and in 2014 he went to iran to speak at a human rights conference there . newline_char he flew into dulles airport from europe tuesday afternoon and says he was not immediately allowed to leave after customs agents saw in his passport that he had been to iran . newline_char " it should be enough when they found that i have a diplomatic passport , [ that i 'm a ] former prime minister , " bondevik said . newline_char citizens of those countries normally do not need a visa to visit the u.s. for up to 90 days , but because of the law they now do need a visa if they have been to iran , iraq , sudan , syria , libya , somalia or yemen since march 2011 . story_separator_special_tag kjell magne bondevik describes shock after being held and questioned at dulles hub under new us entry controls a former prime minister of norway has spoken of his shock after he was held and questioned at washington dulles airport because of a visit to iran three years ago . newline_char bondevik said dulles officials told him he had been detained because of a 2015 law signed by barack obama that placed restrictions on travellers from those seven countries , or travellers from elsewhere who had recently visited those countries newline_char ” an executive order signed by donald trump last week temporarily bans all travellers from seven muslim-majority countries – iran , iraq , libya , yemen , syria , sudan and somalia – from entering the us . newline_char bondevik said his passport also clearly indicated that he was the former pm of norway . newline_char kjell magne bondevik , who served as prime minister of norway from 1997-2000 and 2001-05 , flew into the us from europe on tuesday afternoon to attend this week ’ s national prayer breakfast .
