 his commencement address to howard university graduates on saturday , barack obama made specific mention of a new generation of black activists , including those involved in black lives matter and “ black twitter ” , for raising national awareness over inequality in the criminal justice system . newline_char for many of the activists obama appeared to be addressing , the advice was welcome but not necessarily new . newline_char seven days , three speeches : one week in the life of having a black president read more his praise came with a series of suggestions about how activists could most easily create actual change : through electoral politics and compromise . story_separator_special_tag obama noted that at the time , only 10 % of black americans held college degrees . newline_char " — obama at howard though obama enumerated the issues facing young black people today — mass incarceration , the wage gap and the school-to-prison pipeline — he began by recapping the progress that black americans have made since he graduated from columbia university in 1983 . newline_char echoing his 2008 speech on race relations , " a more perfect union , " obama urged the students at the historically black college to embrace their heritage and affect systemic change through the political process . newline_char " the speech was unapologetically black , quoting black author zora neale hurston , lauding singer prince and applauding activists in the black lives matter movement who fight for racial justice . newline_char president barack obama delivered stirring remarks about the state of american race relations at howard university commencement saturday afternoon . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag all of that is to say that when obama said the following on saturday , he was talking to a largely but not totally black audience . newline_char president obama 's speech at howard university 's commencement on may 7 was full of advice on civic engagement , black history and democracy .
