shington ( reuters ) - a trade deal fight led by u.s. democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders on saturday failed to fully materialize as rival and presumptive nominee hillary clinton announced a compromise to expand mandatory healthcare funding over the next decade . newline_char despite clinton having already secured the requisite delegates to clinch the party ’ s nomination at the july 25-28 convention , sanders remains in the race to be the party ’ s nominee . story_separator_special_tag clinton also affirmed her commitment to giving americans in every state the choice of a " public-option " insurance plan — which she supported during her 2008 presidential campaign and sanders pushed for during the aca debate — and allowing people below medicare age to opt into the programby offering it to those who are 55 and older . newline_char bernie sanders , i-v.t , right , speaks as hillary clinton listens during the cnn democratic presidential primary debate at the brooklyn navy yard in new york on april 14 , 2016 . newline_char community health care centers have been a key priority for sanders , i-vt. newline_char an hour after her health care announcement , clinton 's campaign announced firm details about her tuesday campaign event in portsmouth , n.h. story_separator_special_tag in describing the proposals to the huffington post , senior clinton campaign aides noted that sanders had championed these ideas ― and , in particular , that the former secretary of state ’ s funding proposal for the clinics matched one that the independent senator had made . newline_char sanders , who ran a surprisingly strong but ultimately unsuccessful campaign for the democratic nomination , is expected to endorse clinton at that tuesday event . newline_char hillary clinton “ we have more work to do to finish our long fight to provide universal , quality , affordable health care to everyone in america , ” clinton said in a press release that the campaign circulated late saturday morning .
