inton was the top classification authority for the entire state department , with broad discretion to determine which department documents were classified and which were not . newline_char director , was pardoned by president bill clinton in 2001 , sparing him a guilty plea to a misdemeanor charge for keeping classified information on personal , nongovernment computers . newline_char clinton was almost always accompanied by one or more aides with secure government blackberrys , laptops or other devices that could be used to send classified material at her direction . newline_char “ classified information was viewed in hard copy by the secretary while in the office , ” according to a statement from her office tuesday . newline_char clinton aides pointed out other factors that reduced the need to use the personal email account for sensitive matters . story_separator_special_tag | ap photo some hillary clinton emails set for speedy release under pressure to move quickly on the release of hillary clinton ’ s emails , the state department intends to speed release about 900 pages of benghazi-related e-mails sent by the former secretary of state on her private e-mail account , officials said tuesday . newline_char psaki also appeared to acknowledge for the first time tuesday that state ’ s review of the documents will include checking them for classified national security information that is exempt from release under the freedom of information act . newline_char clinton said flatly tuesday that she never discussed classified information in emails she sent through her private account . newline_char psaki said the review of the broader set of roughly 55,000 pages of clinton emails is expected to take several months . newline_char democrats on the house select committee on benghazi sent the state department a letter tuesday asking the agency to prioritize disclosure of the set of clinton e-mails sent to the panel last month , but a state department spokeswoman said later that an early release of those records was already under discussion and would go forward .
