w york ’ s dna database was created in the mid-1990s but applied only to those convicted of a limited number of crimes ; the data collection has been expanded three times since then by the legislature , most recently in 2006 . newline_char vance ’ s office , dna from the butt of a cigarette smoked by lerio guerrero while he was being questioned for trespassing in brooklyn last year linked him to a 1998 rape . newline_char prosecutors also argue that the database could be used to exonerate the wrongfully convicted by matching dna in their cases to someone else . newline_char currently , dna samples can be collected from people convicted of fewer than half of the crimes codified in state law , including all felonies and some misdemeanors . newline_char the measure would expand that to require that a dna sample be submitted by all convicted criminals . newline_char he said that since the state allowed prosecutors to collect dna from individuals convicted of petty larceny , investigators had been able to identify people linked to 48 murders and 220 sexual assaults statewide . newline_char , an advocate for expanding the database , wrote in a recent opinion article that taking dna samples from those convicted of low-level crimes had proved to be effective . newline_char the developing agreement on the dna database would be part of a series of pacts that would resolve many of the key outstanding issues in the legislative session this year , including the state ’ s budget for the next year , new political districts for state legislators and a new pension plan that would reduce retirement benefits for future public employees . story_separator_special_tag ” the commonwealth of virginia learned that bennett barbour was innocent nearly two years ago , when dna testing cleared him of the crime . newline_char ) barbour learned of the dna tests that proved his innocence only last month , on feb. newline_char bennett barbour was convicted in 1978 of a rape he didn ’ t commit . newline_char sheldon called my mother ’ s house looking for me , ” says barbour . newline_char virginia authorities , however , never informed barbour of his innocence .
