ile bush said that florida 's education success is the product of state initiative , he complimented president barack obama 's contribution to education policy . newline_char " if kids are n't learning , the fault is with the adults not the students , " bush continued . newline_char bush hosted a fundraiser on monday in louisville for republican u.s. senate candidate rand paul , who is a critic of u.s. education policy being directed by the federal government , rather than in local communities and states . newline_char " " we were in really bad shape , " bush said in his remarks to the conference , saying - at one point - the state did a better job of tracking library books than student performance . newline_char bush is in louisville to speak about education reform at the national conference of state legislatures . newline_char jeb bush : ' i am not running for president ' former florida governor jeb bush tells whas11 news he is " not running for president . newline_char introducing bush to the conference , ncsl president don balfour called bush a " true pro " who " did not abandon reforms in tough times , but reversed a generation of decline . newline_char exclamation point , " bush said to applause . newline_char a jeb bush candidacy would perpetuate the bush political dynasty which includes the presidencies of his father and brother . newline_char period . story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . newline_char crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . newline_char that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page 's authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
