ar city council members and palo alto residents , this letter serves as my official resignation from the planning and transportation commission . newline_char letter of resignation from the palo alto planning and transportation commission sorry , we ’ re full ! story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag as one of the founding members of the citizens group palo alto forward and a member of the city 's planning and transportation commission , she also has been a vehement critic of the city 's recent tilt toward slow-growth policies , and its failure to address a housing shortage that many in the community and some on the city council believe has reached a crisis level . newline_char " the city council received over 1,000 signatures from palo alto residents asking for the same . newline_char for the past two years , kate downing has been one of palo alto 's most passionate advocates for building more affordable housing . story_separator_special_tag on wednesday , a planning commissioner here became the very public voice of the region 's frustrations over spiraling housing costs when she published her resignation letter to the city of palo alto . newline_char after five years of " trying to make it work in palo alto , my husband and i can not see a way to stay in palo alto and raise a family here , " planning and transportation commissioner kate downing wrote in her public resignation letter . story_separator_special_tag and with that , another noteworthy exodus has taken place : palo alto planning and transportation commissioner kate vershov downing and her family have decided to leave the pricey town for santa cruz because they , like many other residents , can no longer afford the area . newline_char dear city council members and palo alto residents , this letter serves as my official resignation from the planning and transportation commission . newline_char in a letter of resignation , she starts off saying : dear city council members and palo alto residents , this letter serves as my official resignation from the planning and transportation commission .
