 november 2010 , border agents uncovered an 1,800-foot-long drug-smuggling super tunnel connecting tijuana with the same industrial park in san diego . newline_char this image shows an agent examining one of two tunnels discovered april 1 , 2014 in san diego 's otay mesa industrial park . newline_char story : major drug-smuggling tunnel found between san diego , tijuana the first tunnel found this week was found tuesday in an industrial park in the otay mesa section of san diego . newline_char ( photo : immigration and customs enforcement ( ice ) via ap ) two more suspected drug-smuggling tunnels linking warehouses in tijuana and san diego have been uncovered by u.s. and mexican authorities , and a 73-year-old california woman is accused of being the logistics manager for one passageway . newline_char wednesday , the san diego tunnel task force arrested glennys rodriguez , a u.s. citizen from chula vista , a san diego suburb . newline_char the " super tunnels " were the sixth and seventh found between tijuana and san diego since 2010 . newline_char the passages , which u.s. attorney laura duffy said cost millions of dollars to build , were the sixth and seventh super tunnels found between tijuana and san diego since 2010 . story_separator_special_tag on wednesday , ice officials arrested a 73-year-old chula vista woman on suspicion of overseeing the operation of an underground tunnel leading under the border to an otay mesa industrial park in san diego . newline_char ( immigration and customs enforcement / ) just as immigration and customs enforcement agents in san diego shut the door on their latest drug-smuggling tunnel case , another one opened up . newline_char in their announcement , authorities described the elaborate passage smugglers had carved under the border : the first tunnel was approximately 600 yards long , secured with wooden trusses and equipped with lighting and a crude rail system . newline_char the second tunnel was discovered by mexican authorities on thursday .
