edit : walker this was posted on wednesday , december 7 , 2016 by rodney ho on his ajc radio & tv talk blog former and current black employees on tuesday filed a class action lawsuit against atlanta-based cnn , turner broadcasting and new york based parent company time warner for racial discrimination . newline_char , a senior manager at tbs , are the only named plaintiffs though meachum said 20 to 30 other unnamed current and former turner employees helped him out with information about their experiences . newline_char cnn , time warner & turner , we have uncovered stories involving abuse of power , nepotism , revenge , retaliation and discrimination , ” said daniel meachum in a press release . newline_char the press release provided a photo of dewayne walker , a cnn producer who sued cnn individually in january for $ 50 million for racial discrimination and retaliation for filing a complaint with the equal employment opportunity commission . story_separator_special_tag the lawsuit alleges that this “ can only be attributed to the fact that turner , specifically cnn has implemented formal [ emphasis in original ] written and unwritten policies and practices regarding promotions [ . newline_char a new court filing alleges that turner employees faced racial discrimination that held them back in their careers and led to at least one former assistant being fired . story_separator_special_tag two african-american employees have filed a class-action lawsuit against cnn , turner broadcasting and its parent company , time warner , alleging racial discrimination . newline_char meachum said a discrimination lawsuit filed last year against cnn , turner and time warner uncovered stories involving " abuse of power , nepotism , revenge , retaliation and discrimination. newline_char the new 40-page class-action lawsuit includes data provided by turner . newline_char henley is a former executive administrative assistant at cnn , while colbert is still employed by turner as a senior manager at tbs .
