the rehabilitation center at hollywood hills has evacuated this morning due to a prolonged power failure to the transformer which powered the facility 's air conditioning system as a result of the hurricane , " nursing home administrator jorge carballo said in a statement . newline_char rick scott directed the agency for health care administration to issue an emergency moratorium wednesday for the rehabilitation center at hollywood hills , where eight people died after an air-conditioning issue that forced evacuations from the nursing home . newline_char hollywood police chief tomas sanchez confirmed that eight people had died and 115 patients were evacuated from the center . newline_char carballo said three of the eight patients died at the facility and the others died at the hospital they were taken to . newline_char all patients have been removed from the rehabilitation center , and the moratorium immediately prevents the facility from admitting any patients until the order is lifted . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag department of health officials have been in contact with larkin community hospital behavioral health services management and the rehabilitation center at hollywood hills over the past three days . newline_char eight hollywood nursing home residents died wednesday morning in a building left without air conditioning after irma roared through south florida , according to hollywood police and the city . newline_char rick scott : i am demanding answers pic.twitter.com/egxw9srtjz — rick scott ( @ flgovscott ) september 13 , 2017 another part of the release from scott ’ s office stated : “ the rehabilitation center at hollywood hills is responsible for the safety of their patients . newline_char hollywood police have begun a criminal investigation into the deaths at the rehabilitation center at hollywood hills , 1200 n. newline_char hospital administrators were advised to call 911 if they had any reason to believe that the health or safety of patients was at risk .
