 , 2009 media inquiries : peper long , 301-796-4671 , mary.long @ fda.hhs.gov consumer inquiries : 1-888-info-fda fda : philips lifeline issues safety alert for lifeline pendant personal help buttons the u.s. food and drug administration today cautioned users of personal emergency response buttons worn around the neck of a potential choking hazard associated with this product . newline_char the fda is aware of at least six reports between 1998 and 2009 of serious injury or death , including three deaths in the united states and one in canada , from choking after the cord on the philips lifeline personal help button became entangled on other objects worn around the neck . story_separator_special_tag difrancesco , 86 , of new cumberland , died on friday , february 12 , 2016 in her home.she was a retired employee of the federal government with 25 years of service and a retired clerk for the pa dept . story_separator_special_tag cumberland county coroner charles hall said the lanyard of the medical device , having caught on the walker , caused difrancesco 's upper torso to be suspended above the floor level , and the resulting pressure on her neck cut off air and blood flow . newline_char an 86-year-old new cumberland woman died after she tripped and her medical alert necklace caught on her walker and strangled her . newline_char however , there has been disagreement over the benefits of breakaway lanyards , with some device makers saying the greater danger is that a lanyard will break and the alert device will be out of reach when needed . story_separator_special_tag – an 86-year-old cumberland county woman is dead after she trips and is accidentally hanged by her medical alert necklace . newline_char hall says difrancesco ’ s necklace did not have a break away clasp . newline_char × 86-year-old woman accidentally hangs herself with medical alert necklace cumberland county , pa. newline_char county coroner charles hall says roseann difrancesco was found dead in her bathroom by a visiting nurse who entered the home after getting no response after knocking .
