tory_separator_special_tag fourth-graders have 70 required or recommended historical figures to learn , and in eighth grade , when students take the state of texas assessments of academic readiness social studies test , there are 50 people on the list . newline_char we applaud the majority of the state board of education for doing the right thing by restoring our foundational rights and history , " texas values president jonathan saenz said in a statement . newline_char students in that grade are still required to learn about former president bill clinton 's impeachment . newline_char each year , the board discusses and debates new classroom standards for texas ' 5.4 million schoolchildren . newline_char neither poth nor matthews said she was in the small group that made the decisions about clinton and keller . newline_char by contrast , local members of the texas legislature ( whom fourth-graders learn about ) got a perfect score , as did barbara jordan , sam houston , stephen f. newline_char texas values , a conservative christian political advocacy group , sent representatives before the board this week to speak out against removing the descriptions . newline_char house democratic caucus chairman chris turner urged boadmembers to add clinton and keller back into the curriculum . newline_char third-graders , for example , should learn about three dozen figures . newline_char " here are some of the changes the board approved friday : replace san jacinto day with constitution day in a section on " the origins of customs , holidays , and celebrations of the community , state , and nation " ( the battle of san jacinto is taught in fourth-grade social studies and high school u.s. history ) . newline_char many of the work group 's recommendations that were rejected by the board dealt with descriptions of the nation 's " judeo-christian " heritage . newline_char in a note next to the deletion from the third-grade social studies curriculum in which keller was included in a lesson about " the characteristics of good citizenship , " the work group wrote , " helen keller does not best represent the concept of citizenship .
