getty state worried about marine uniforms during attack state department officials on an emergency conference call during the benghazi attack brought up concerns about whether marines that might have been deployed should wear uniforms — something officials previously said could hurt diplomacy in the region , according to house benghazi investigators . newline_char under secretary of state for management patrick kennedy told investigators he wanted to ensure that security was enhanced , not hurt by flags on the uniforms of any u.s. military presence . newline_char the military never deployed to benghazi  newline_char the final gop-authored house benghazi report released tuesday included new details of a two-hour video teleconference call the night of the attack , a session led by white house chief of staff denis mcdonough . newline_char clinton and top defense officials were also on the call , which was supposed to center on how to get americans out of harm 's way . story_separator_special_tag the final majority report of the benghazi select committee is set to be released later tuesday morning . newline_char the timeline reinforces in a compelling way what will be one of the most significant takeaways from the committee investigation : the obama administration knowingly provided the american people a false story about the benghazi attack , its causes and its consequences . newline_char magariaf to respond urgently to the attack against the u.s. mission benghazi , and security threats against u.s. embassy tripoli . newline_char statement on the attack in benghazi : " i condemn in the strongest terms the attack on our mission in benghazi today . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag ” cummings accused benghazi chairman trey gowdy trey gowdychatter grows that ryan could step down lawmakers press lynch for briefing on yahoo secret email scanning reports clinton it aide pleads fifth , skips hearing more ( r-s.c. newline_char ) ranks his time on the house select committee on benghazi among the lowest points of his career .
