e chinese shipments resumed thursday morning only hours before secretary of state hillary rodham clinton raised the embargo issue at a news conference in honolulu , where she announced plans to visit china on saturday to pursue the matter with chinese officials . newline_char the chinese shipments resumed thursday morning only hours before secretary of state hillary rodham clinton raised the embargo issue at a news conference in honolulu , where she announced plans to visit china on saturday to pursue the matter with chinese officials . newline_char meanwhile , annual demand outside china for raw rare earths approaches 50,000 tons , according to industry estimates . newline_char meanwhile , annual demand outside china for raw rare earths approaches 50,000 tons , according to industry estimates . newline_char photo officials in two departments of china ’ s general administration of customs in beijing declined to comment on thursday evening about the status of rare earth exports . story_separator_special_tag the chinese shipments resumed thursday morning only hours before secretary of state hillary rodham clinton raised the embargo issue at a news conference in honolulu , where she announced plans to visit china on saturday to pursue the matter with chinese officials . newline_char the chinese shipments resumed thursday morning only hours before secretary of state hillary rodham clinton raised the embargo issue at a news conference in honolulu , where she announced plans to visit china on saturday to pursue the matter with chinese officials . newline_char meanwhile , annual demand outside china for raw rare earths approaches 50,000 tons , according to industry estimates . newline_char meanwhile , annual demand outside china for raw rare earths approaches 50,000 tons , according to industry estimates . newline_char photo officials in two departments of china ’ s general administration of customs in beijing declined to comment on thursday evening about the status of rare earth exports .
