e cdc started working on the guidelines about seven years ago , when a cluster of influential studies in africa indicated circumcision might help stop spread of the aids virus . story_separator_special_tag all uncircumcised adolescent and adult males who engage in heterosexual sex should be informed about the significant , but partial , efficacy of male circumcision in reducing the risk of acquiring hiv and some stis through heterosexual sex , as well as the potential harms of male circumcision , the draft guidelines said . newline_char the benefits of male circumcision outweigh the risks , according a long awaited draft of federal guidelines from u.s. health officials released on tuesday , which indicate that scientific evidence supports recommending the procedure . newline_char from 1979 through 2010 , the national rate of newborn circumcision declined 10 percent to 58 percent , according to the cdc . newline_char the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention found that medically performed male circumcision could help decrease the risk of contracting hiv and several other sexually transmitted infections ( stis ) as well as other health problems . newline_char the overall risk of adverse events associated with male circumcision is low , with minor bleeding and inflammation cited as the most common complications , according to a cdc fact sheet . story_separator_special_tag there is no medical evidence linking male circumcision to reduced risk of hiv for female partners , the guidelines note . newline_char the centers for disease control and prevention has released proposed guidance on circumcision that says the surgical procedure would help straight men in the united states reduce their risk of becoming infected with hiv , the virus that causes aids . newline_char the guidelines also emphasize that “ male circumcision is a voluntary procedure ” and that decisions about circumcision should take “ personal , cultural , religious and ethical beliefs ” into account .
