nator john mccain ( r-az ) today released the following statement on the syrian regime ’ s complaint to the united nations regarding senator mccain ’ s visit with syrian rebels last year : “ it is a sad but unsurprising truth that the assad regime is less concerned with its massacre of more than 200,000 men , women and children than it is my visit with those brave syrians fighting for their freedom and dignity . newline_char u.s . newline_char ” # # #  newline_char ­– u.s . newline_char washington , d.c. story_separator_special_tag senator john mccain tweeted his pride at winning a diplomatic “ superfecta ” monday night , after syria ’ s ambassador to the u.n. lashed out at him for violating the country ’ s sovereignty after mccain visited rebel-held territory in 2013 . newline_char a delighted mccain grouped the syrian complaint with russian president vladimir putin ’ s march 2014 decision to put him on a sanctions list as occasions when he had upset powers to which he was opposed . newline_char “ it is a sad but unsurprising truth that the assad regime is less concerned with its massacre of more than 200,000 men , women and children than it is my visit with those brave syrians fighting for their freedom and dignity , ” said mccain in a statement . newline_char the syrian complaint was made on monday , when envoy bashar ja ’ afari asked secretary-general ban ki-moon and the u.n. newline_char 1 enemy . newline_char u.s . newline_char ’ s 15-member security council in a letter to take “ the necessary measures against their nationals who enter syrian territory illegally , ” according to reuters . newline_char the arizona senator fired back at damascus and accused bashar assad ’ s government of massacring its own people . newline_char the other two occasions were former cuban president fidel castro ’ s september 2014 tirade , in which he accused mccain of creating the islamic state of iraq and greater syria ( isis ) together with the israeli secret service agency mossad , and the time , he claimed to fox news , when isis declared him as their no .
