tory_separator_special_tag juniper analysts expect fitness to remain the dominant segment in wearable devices until that time , pushed ahead by new fitness use cases , new biometrics measurements , and lower prices . newline_char fitbit will remain the leading player for fitness tracking , juniper says , although its decision not to integrate with apple health may harm its market share in the short term . newline_char juniper believes that there are basically two types of fitness trackers — less expensive ones like the $ 13 xiaomi miband , which will compete mainly on price , and more complex devices , such as the fitbit surge , microsoft band , and samsung gear fit , which will offer additional features beyond fitness , such as notifications and music control . story_separator_special_tag weight watchers shares dropped the most since their market debut more than 13 years ago , after the dieting company ’ s earnings forecast fell well short of analysts ’ expectations . newline_char that is making it harder for weight watchers to justify subscriptions starting at $ 20 a month , since activity trackers can be paired with free mobile apps that make it easy to analyze caloric input and output . newline_char weight watchers ’ membership declined 15 percent in the past quarter , to 2.51 million active subscribers . newline_char ” new york-based weight watchers has embraced activity trackers . newline_char weight watchers said thursday that it would seek to cut $ 100 million in costs and that lesya lysyj , its president of north america operations , would leave the company . newline_char ‘ get modern ’ “ weight watchers really has to change what they ’ re offering -- they have to get modern , ” said meredith adler , an analyst at barclays . newline_char meanwhile , with consumers paying more attention to how many calories they are burning from exercise or everyday activities , fitness gadgets have surged in popularity , with 51.2 million american adults using applications to track their health , according to nielsen .
