mmittee staffers are beginning work on the bill after the director of the state ’ s department of corrections suggested the state needs an alternative to execution drugs , which are increasingly difficult to obtain , the associated press reports . newline_char home daily news bill to allow firing-squad executions is… death penalty bill to allow firing-squad executions is being drafted in state with just one death-row inmate a legislative committee in wyoming is drafting a bill to allow firing-squad executions , though the state has only one death-row inmate . newline_char wyoming law allows gas-chamber executions if lethal injections are found to be unconstitutional . story_separator_special_tag bill haslam on thursday signed a bill into law allowing the state to electrocute death row inmates in the event the state is unable to obtain drugs used for lethal injections . newline_char " dieter said he expects legal challenges to arise if the state decides to go through with an electrocution , both in terms of whether the state could prove that lethal injection drugs were not obtainable and on the grounds of constitutional protections against cruel and unusual punishment . newline_char richard dieter , the executive director of the death penalty information center , said tennessee is the first state to enact a law to reintroduce the electric chair without giving prisoners an option . newline_char previous tennessee law gave inmates who committed crimes before 1999 the choice of whether they wanted to die by electric chair or lethal injection . newline_char it upheld the firing squad in 1879 , the electric chair in 1890 and lethal injection in 2008 . newline_char tennessee lawmakers overwhelmingly passed the electric chair legislation in april , with the senate voting 23-3 and the house 68-13 in favor of the bill . newline_char nashville criminal defense attorney david raybin , who helped draft tennessee 's death penalty law nearly 40 years ago , has said lawmakers may change the method of execution but they can not make that change retroactive .
