shington—the senate intelligence committee recommended gina haspel as the next central intelligence agency director , clearing the path for her confirmation by the full chamber . newline_char haspel ’ s nomination to be the first woman to lead the agency , forwarding it to the full senate . story_separator_special_tag trump ’ s pick to be the next cia director , gina haspel , won approval from the senate intelligence committee wednesday morning , receiving a " favorable recommendation " in a 10-5 vote . newline_char haspel told the committee that she would not resurrect the agency 's controversial rendition , detainee , and interrogation program if she became cia director , but went no further . newline_char mccain is not expected to be in washington for haspel 's confirmation vote . newline_char ” two of the committee 's seven democrats are supporting haspel , including virginia 's sen. newline_char haspel needs to explain the nature and extent of her involvement in the cia 's interrogation program during the confirmation process . newline_char in march , mccain noted that haspel 's cia career " has intersected with the program of so-called 'enhanced interrogation techniques ' on a number of occasions . newline_char after the vote on wednesday , many democrats expressed concern about haspel 's nomination . newline_char the favorable recommendation comes after haspel told congress , in a letter sent to warner on monday , that she now feels the spy agency should not have employed the harsh interrogations program used on al qaeda detainees that included waterboarding . newline_char “ gina haspel is the most qualified person the president could choose to lead the cia and the most prepared nominee in the 70 year history of the agency , ” chairman richard burr , r-n.c. newline_char at the request of congress , the cia has declassified documents shedding light on haspel 's career in covert operations , particularly in her reported role at the agency 's " black site " in thailand .
