e new study , led by gene richardson , a phd candidate in anthropology at stanford university and a former fellow in the division of infectious diseases and geographic medicine , now confirms this suspicion , while providing an actual estimate for the rate of asymptomatic and minimally symptomatic infections in ebola patients . story_separator_special_tag by using elisa to measure zaire ebola virus antibody concentrations , we identified a significant number of individuals with previously undetected ebov infection in a ‘ hotspot ’ village in sierra leone , approximately one year after the village outbreak . newline_char we identified 14 seropositive individuals not known to have had ebola virus disease . newline_char evidence for minimally symptomatic ebola virus ( ebov ) infection is limited . newline_char a blood sample was collected from 187 study participants , 132 negative controls ( individuals with a low likelihood of previous exposure to ebola virus ) , and 30 positive controls ( ebola virus disease survivors ) . newline_char the findings provide further evidence that ebola , like many other viral infections , presents with a spectrum of clinical manifestations , including minimally symptomatic infection . newline_char these data also suggest that a significant portion of ebola transmission events may have gone undetected during the outbreak . story_separator_special_tag researchers reporting in plos neglected tropical diseases have discovered individuals in sierra leone who showed no signs of the disease but have evidence of prior ebola infection in their immune systems . newline_char they then tested the blood samples -- as well as positive and negative controls from known ebola cases and people not exposed to the virus -- for ebola glycoprotein antibodies , the presence of which indicates a past ebola infection . newline_char however , researchers have also seen some evidence that a minority of people may catch the ebola virus without developing symptoms .
