ltimore police arrested mark ramiro , 30 , after he fatally shot darnell mitchell , 28 , late on wednesday . newline_char ramiro drove mitchell to a hospital where he was pronounced dead , according to police . story_separator_special_tag more police said mark-anthony sandang ramiro was arrested and charged in the shooting death of darnell mitchell , 28 , during an incident in ramiro 's basement at 2208 cedley street in south baltimore on wednesday . newline_char mobile users , tap here for video police said the incident was filmed as mitchell , who had been wearing a ballistics vest , was shot one time by ramiro . newline_char in that video , mitchell was bragging that he was about to take a “ deuce deuce in the chest ” -- a shot from a .22-caliber bullet -- before ramiro , who is seen standing in front of mitchell , discharged the handgun one time , striking mitchell just above the vest , according to charging documents . newline_char police said ramiro has been charged with first- and second-degree murder and handgun violations and is being held at the baltimore city central booking and intake facility . newline_char according to court documents , police were called when mitchell walked into the shock trauma with ramiro around 4 a.m. wednesday . newline_char ramiro and the person taking the video helped the victim , and then the video ended , according to court documents . newline_char despite medical efforts , police said mitchell was pronounced dead at 4:07 p.m. after getting a search warrant and processing the scene , police said they discovered a cannon e07 digital camera with video on it of the shooting . story_separator_special_tag but , police said , mark ramiro missed the body armor when he pulled the trigger on the .22 caliber handgun , and he now faces murder charges in the 28-year-old 's death . newline_char detectives found the cannon eo7 video camera in the basement and got a warrant for the footage , which showed the incident described in charging documents against ramiro .
