e leak came minutes after wikileaks claimed that it was under cyber attack on sunday ahead of the expected release of thousands of secret documents . newline_char " wikileaks added that several newspapers would go ahead and publish secret united states documents even if the website crashed . newline_char pages from the german newspaper der spiegel were leaked early , before a mass publication of thousands of secret cables by the whiste-blowing website . newline_char " british officials fear that the confidential cables will reveal details of a secret operation to disrupt iranian smuggling of nuclear materials through the gulf and turkey . newline_char the foreign office condemned the leak of the state department cables but insisted that it would not damage british-us relations . newline_char the latest leak is expected to publish us embassy reports on other countries and the website said it would be bigger than recent leaks on the wars in iraq and afghanistan . newline_char officials involved in overseeing british policy in the region say that diplomatic materials compiled between 2008 and 2010 on iran contained sensational information that could jeopardise efforts to disrupt the nuclear programme if unveiled on wikileaks . newline_char the us state department has claimed that the release would put lives at risk but mr assange said america was afraid of being held to account . story_separator_special_tag the cables , a huge sampling of the daily traffic between the state department and some 270 embassies and consulates , amount to a secret chronicle of the united states ’ relations with the world in an age of war and terrorism . newline_char among their revelations , to be detailed in the times in coming days : ¶ a dangerous standoff with pakistan over nuclear fuel : since 2007 , the united states has mounted a highly secret effort , so far unsuccessful , to remove from a pakistani research reactor highly enriched uranium that american officials fear could be diverted for use in an illicit nuclear device .
