a proposal before the state water resources control board in sacramento would allow local districts to compare their water supplies with how much they anticipate needing if drought continues for three more years . newline_char ( ap ) — strict rules adopted at the height of california 's drought leading many people to let their lawns turn brown may soon end as state regulators wednesday consider letting local communities decide how to keep their own water use in check . newline_char california water officials say they will consider dropping a mandate requiring ... newline_char cities and water districts will set their conservation targets based on the difference between the anticipated supply and demand . newline_char max gomberg , a senior climate scientist for the state water board , said californians understand the drought remains critical . newline_char the irvine ranch water district in orange county led the push for a regional approach . newline_char he does n't expect people to suddenly begin wasting water with any changes . newline_char ( associated press ) file in this may 6 , 2015 file photo , local resident martha mattison , left , helps out her son jacob , 14 , with his dog walking business as they walk past recently installed synthetic grass , seen at right , in garden grove , calif. newline_char california is in its fifth year of drought , but regulators are considering the new approach as el nino storms delivered nearly average amounts of rain and snow this winter in northern california , filling key reservoirs . newline_char that 's good news to southern california landscaper greg gritters , who says local water officials are best suited to manage their supplies . newline_char southern california , however , remains deep in drought , and it 's unclear what the future will bring . newline_char "  newline_char " if agencies are not taking it seriously , it will be very evident they ca n't meet their customers ' demands , " she said . story_separator_special_tag 
