 passed occasional “ death to america ” signs , but our trip was slowed by hospitality , for iranians kept giving us presents or inviting us into their homes . newline_char we passed occasional “ death to america ” signs , but our trip was slowed by hospitality , for iranians kept giving us presents or inviting us into their homes . newline_char those sanctions are causing bitter pain , yet a surprising number of iranians seem to largely blame their own leaders for the woes . newline_char those sanctions are causing bitter pain , yet a surprising number of iranians seem to largely blame their own leaders for the woes . newline_char mashhad , iran my 1,700-mile road trip across iran began with a giddy paean to america , reinforcing my view that at the grass-roots level , this may be the most pro-american nation in the middle east . newline_char mashhad , iran my 1,700-mile road trip across iran began with a giddy paean to america , reinforcing my view that at the grass-roots level , this may be the most pro-american nation in the middle east . story_separator_special_tag we passed occasional “ death to america ” signs , but our trip was slowed by hospitality , for iranians kept giving us presents or inviting us into their homes . newline_char we passed occasional “ death to america ” signs , but our trip was slowed by hospitality , for iranians kept giving us presents or inviting us into their homes . newline_char those sanctions are causing bitter pain , yet a surprising number of iranians seem to largely blame their own leaders for the woes . newline_char those sanctions are causing bitter pain , yet a surprising number of iranians seem to largely blame their own leaders for the woes . newline_char mashhad , iran my 1,700-mile road trip across iran began with a giddy paean to america , reinforcing my view that at the grass-roots level , this may be the most pro-american nation in the middle east . newline_char mashhad , iran my 1,700-mile road trip across iran began with a giddy paean to america , reinforcing my view that at the grass-roots level , this may be the most pro-american nation in the middle east .
