eaking privately , officials in israel 's foreign ministry – known to have an extensive surveillance network monitoring iran 's key nuclear sites – claimed they had no reliable intelligence of an explosion at fordow . newline_char and yet on sunday evening , shamseddin barbroudi , deputy head of the iranian atomic energy organisation , assured iranian reporters there had been no explosion at the nuclear facility whatsoever . story_separator_special_tag dubai | dubai ( reuters ) - iran has denied media reports of a major explosion at one of its most sensitive uranium enrichment sites , describing them as western propaganda designed to influence upcoming nuclear negotiations . newline_char speculation of an explosion at fordow followed an iranian news agency report that global powers and tehran could resume talks on iran 's disputed nuclear program on monday and tuesday . newline_char " the false news of an explosion at fordow is western propaganda ahead of nuclear negotiations to influence their process and outcome , " state news agency irna quoted the deputy head of iran 's atomic energy organisation , saeed shamseddin bar broudi , as saying late on sunday . newline_char " in late 2011 the plant at fordow began producing uranium enriched to 20 percent fissile purity , compared with the 3.5 percent level needed for nuclear energy plants . newline_char iran has accused israel and the united states of trying to sabotage its nuclear program , which the  newline_char the u.n. international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) , which regularly inspects iranian nuclear sites including fordow , had no immediate comment . story_separator_special_tag text smaller text bigger an explosion deep within iran ’ s fordow nuclear facility has destroyed much of the installation and trapped about 240 personnel deep underground , according to a former intelligence officer of the islamic regime . newline_char the previously secret nuclear site has become a center for iran ’ s nuclear activity because of the 2,700 centrifuges enriching uranium to the 20-percent level .
