woman dumps herself on deserted island • real-life castaway : ‘ he ’ s not afraid to die ’ • castaway reveals difficulties of island life mr nagasaki ’ s only wish was to die on the island he called home for the last three decades . newline_char watch the amazing story of an 82-year-old man who 's voluntarily lived on a deserted island for almost three decades . newline_char mr nagasaki is among the few voluntary castaways who have spent decades on a deserted island ; he has surpassed australian castaway david glasheen who this year celebrates 21 years on restoration island , off the coast of far north queensland . newline_char masafumi nagasaki arrived on the island of sotobanari , on the yaeyama islands , an archipelago in the southwest of okinawa prefecture , japan , in 1989 and lived a life in solitude until he became known as the “ naked hermit ” as a 76-year-old in 2012 . story_separator_special_tag sotobanari island , japan ( reuters ) - dangerous currents swirl around sotobanari island , which has not a drop of natural water , and local fishermen rarely land there . newline_char seventy-six-year-old naked hermit masafumi nagasaki sits at table made from polystyrene box as he eats a food on sotobanari island , off western coast of iriomote island , okinawa prefecture , april 14 , 2012 . newline_char ” seventy-six-year-old naked hermit masafumi nagasaki speaks on sotobanari island , off western coast of iriomote island , okinawa prefecture , april 14 , 2012 . story_separator_special_tag he has become the voluntary castaway who has lived the longest time on a desert island . newline_char published on jun 24 , 2018 masafumi nagasaki is an 82 year old japanese man who has lived completely alone as a castaway for the last 29 years on sotobanari desert island ( iriomote okinawa , japan ) this voluntary robinson crusoe with his bright pink turban has spent all this time living completely naked and surviving by himself . newline_char the only wish of this survivor was to die on his desert island .
