 a video posted online , mr umarov said the attack was a response to " russian crimes in the caucasus " . newline_char media playback is unsupported on your device media caption doku umarov : " we can carry out these operations whenever and wherever we want " one of russia 's most wanted men , chechen warlord doku umarov , has said he ordered the deadly bomb attack last month on a moscow airport . newline_char the suicide attack on the arrivals area of domodedovo international airport on 24 january left 36 people dead and 180 injured . newline_char similar suicide attacks would continue , he added , speaking in russian . newline_char analysis doku umarov 's claim that he ordered the domodedovo bombing will not come as a surprise to russians . story_separator_special_tag a website affiliated with chechen rebels has released a video in which insurgent leader doku umarov claims responsibility for last month 's deadly suicide bombing at russia 's largest airport and threatens more bloodshed if russia does not leave the region . newline_char " over the weekend , the website released another video in which umarov also threatened more attacks , saying 2011 would be " the year of blood and tears . newline_char medvedev initially lashed out at airport management for poorly guarding the area , but the airport 's operator responded that the russian transport police are responsible for security in that part of the airport . newline_char the blast at domodedovo , south of the russian capital , raised strong concerns about russia 's strategy against the insurgents and about its ability to protect against future attacks . newline_char the rebels have claimed responsibility for an array of terrorist attacks , including last year 's double suicide bombing of the moscow subway system that killed 40 people . newline_char umarov , who seeks to create a caucasus emirate independent from russia and governed by sharia law , said in the earlier video that he could call on 50 to 60 suicide bombers if necessary .
