at we need now — and what the fed could supply , says krugman — is a bit more inflation . newline_char ” bernanke argued that the belief that the fed keeps inflation down ( what economists call the “ anchoring ” of inflationary expectations ) tends to be self-fulfilling . newline_char krugman wants the fed to raise its target range to 3 to 4 percent for five years . newline_char this happened in the 1970s , although at higher inflation rates than krugman proposes . newline_char without naming krugman , he responded at an april 25 news conference : “ does it make sense to actively seek a higher inflation rate in order to achieve . newline_char ) besides krugman , some other economists advocate higher inflation . newline_char ( krugman minimizes this channel , because he thinks europe and japan should also pursue higher inflation . newline_char krugman accuses bernanke of being too timid in fighting high unemployment and slow economic growth . newline_char ●experiencing higher inflation , consumers might become more fearful of the future and , to protect against the unknown , might increase saving and reduce spending — the opposite of what krugman intends . newline_char the fed also bought more than $ 2.5 trillion of treasury bonds and mortgage-related securities in an effort to lower long-term interest rates ( studies suggest a decline of 0.7 percentage points or more ) and boost stock prices , as investors seek higher returns . newline_char the fed now strives to keep inflation around 2 percent annually , a low level that it views as reassuring the public . newline_char both are eminent ( and bearded ) economists : bernanke , chairman of the federal reserve board ; krugman , a nobel prize winner and a prominent new york times columnist . newline_char investors — not knowing whether inflation would return to 2 percent and fearing it might go higher than 4 percent — might demand much higher interest rates to prevent erosion of their money . story_separator_special_tag 
