me people say that under a trump administration they fear they 'll be prevented from visiting relatives  newline_char ( associated press ) a woman walks by banners of democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton and republican presidential candidate donald trump during an election watch event hosted by the u.s. embassy in seoul , south korea , wednesday , nov. newline_char a woman walks by banners of democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton and republican presidential candidate donald trump during an election watch event hosted by the u.s. embassy in seoul , south ... newline_char ( associated press ) mexico city ( ap ) — the latest on world reaction to the u.s. election ( all times est ) : 1:50 a.m. indonesians on social media are questioning why americans have voted in big numbers for billionaire donald trump , who many in the world 's most populous muslim country perceive as intolerant and reactionary . story_separator_special_tag ctvnews.ca staff following a deeply divisive election campaign , americans have elected donald trump their next president . newline_char over the course of the campaign , trump has made many controversial remarks about america ’ s relationship with other countries . story_separator_special_tag the taliban have called on donald trump to withdraw all u.s. forces from afghanistan once he takes office as president . story_separator_special_tag “ florida , seriously , for trump ? newline_char donald trump ’ s stunning lead in the u.s. presidential race was causing deep anxiety late tuesday in mexico , whose currency was steeply declining in international markets . story_separator_special_tag new york ( reuters ) - wall street stocks rallied on wednesday after a dramatic overnight sell-off , while bond yields jumped on inflation expectations and the mexican peso was battered as investors reacted to donald trump ’ s surprise win in the u.s. presidential election . newline_char the currency has been vulnerable to trump ’ s threats to rip up a free trade agreement with
