large image close guy martin for the wall street journal activist moaz abdel karim in cairo after egyptian president hosni mubarak stepped down on friday amid the region 's most dramatic grassroots uprising since the iranian revolution in 1979 , the brotherhood became poised to assume a growing role in the country 's political life . newline_char the muslim brotherhood , the outlawed egyptian islamist opposition group is plagued by rifts between young and old , reformist and hard-liner , and between big city deal-making politicians , and conservative rural preachers . newline_char a different face of the brotherhood is that of mohamed badi , 66-year-old veterinarian from the brotherhood 's conservative wing who has been the group 's supreme guide since last january . newline_char { /if } { /if } cairo—moaz abdel karim , an affable 29-year-old who was among a handful of young activists who plotted the recent protests here , is the newest face of the muslim brotherhood . story_separator_special_tag president barack obama recently downplayed the prospect of the muslim brotherhood playing a major role in egypt , saying it is just one faction in egypt that does n't have majority support . newline_char cairo , egypt ( cnn ) -- egypt 's banned muslim brotherhood will apply to become a political party , it announced tuesday . newline_char and former cia director mike hayden said the muslim brotherhood , as the best organized opposition group in egypt , could " enjoy a disproportionate power in shaping the new government . newline_char although officially illegal , the muslim brotherhood is regarded as one of the most organized groups in egypt . newline_char although officially illegal , the muslim brotherhood is regarded as one of the most organized groups in egypt . newline_char the brotherhood " envisions the establishment of a democratic , civil state that draws on universal measures of freedom and justice , with central islamic values serving all egyptians regardless of colour , creed , political trend or religion , " it said in the statement .
