s. border officers seized more than a ton of marijuana stuffed into fake carrots tossed in with the real thing , officials said . newline_char the imaging inspection system flagged the vehicle for a secondary examination , where agents found the smuggled drugs , according to the u.s. customs and border protection statement . newline_char officers in pharr , texas , on sunday found 2,493 pounds of suspected marijuana concealed within a commercial shipment of fresh carrots entering from mexico . newline_char story highlights u.s. customs and border protection seizes 2,493 pounds of marijuana packages discovered in shipment of carrots ( cnn ) these are n't the carrots bugs bunny was chomping on . newline_char the truck hauling the produce crossed the pharr-reynosa international bridge along the texas-mexico border near the gulf of mexico . newline_char " once again , drug smuggling organizations have demonstrated their creativity in attempting to smuggle large quantities of narcotics across the u.s.-mexico border , " port director efrain solis jr. story_separator_special_tag border agents in texas intercepted a cargo shipment of marijuana concealed inside carrots sunday , authorities said in a news release . newline_char u.s. customs and border patrol officers patrolling the pharr-reynosa international bridge cargo facility stopped a tractor-trailer carrying what was perceived to be a shipment of fresh carrots to the u.s. from mexico on jan. newline_char “ once again , drug smuggling organizations have demonstrated their creativity in attempting to smuggle large quantities of narcotics across the u.s./mexico border , ” said port director efrain solis jr. newline_char the second examination uncovered 2,817 carrot-shaped packages of marijuana , which agents said carries an estimated street value of $ 499,000 . newline_char ” the agency said homeland security is assisting in the investigation . newline_char 2 from bringing in more than $ 1 million of drugs that were disguised as both carrots and cucumbers .
