e obama and romney campaigns anticipate little movement in national polls before the first debate on oct. newline_char despite that , obama officials have maintained for several weeks that there are too few undecided voters for romney to get the bounce  newline_char romney , armed with more dismal jobs numbers , will run a one-size-fits-all campaign , wrapped around the message that the economy is bad , obama is to blame and that change of leadership is absolutely essential . newline_char ( photos : 39 great photos from obama 's presidency ) “ many of them voted for obama in 2008 and felt good about that vote , and still think obama ’ s a good person who really tried hard , but the economy sucks for them , ” said the democratic official , who has access to reams of internal polls and focus groups . newline_char the romney campaign , while pleasantly surprised by obama ’ s lackluster prime-time performance , said the post-convention bounce they hoped for fell well short of expectations and privately lament that state-by-state polling numbers — most glaringly in ohio — are working in the president ’ s favor . story_separator_special_tag obama has to have been running well ahead of mr. newline_char obama has made in these tracking polls over the past 48 hours already appear to match or exceed the ones that mr. newline_char obama three percentage points ahead of mr. newline_char obama had another strong day in the polls on saturday , making further gains in each of four national tracking polls . newline_char a fourth tracking poll , conducted online by the rand corporation ’ s american life panel , had mr. newline_char he pulled ahead of mitt romney by two points in the rasmussen reports tracking poll , reversing a one-point deficit in the edition of the poll published on friday . newline_char obama ’ s numbers from interviews conducted after bill clinton ’ s speech on wednesday night , which in my view was the pivotal moment of the convention . newline_char obama ’ s numbers look like in the postconvention part of the tracking surveys .
