 the run-up to facebook 's $ 16 billion ipo , morgan stanley , the lead underwriter on the deal , unexpectedly delivered some negative news to major clients : the bank 's consumer internet analyst , scott devitt , was reducing his revenue forecasts for the company . newline_char jpmorgan chase and goldman sachs , which were also major underwriters on the ipo but had lesser roles than morgan stanley , also revised their estimates in response to facebook 's sec filing , according to sources familiar with the situation . newline_char morgan stanley said in a statement that a " significant number " of analysts in the ipo syndicate reduced estimates after facebook 's may 9 disclosure . newline_char the change in morgan stanley 's estimates came on the heels of a may 9 facebook filing of an amended prospectus with the u.s. securities and exchange commission , in which the company expressed caution about revenue growth due to a rapid shift by users to mobile devices . story_separator_special_tag this latest chapter in the facebook ipo story began this morning , when reuters ' alistair barr reported that the research analysts at the company 's lead underwriters—morgan stanley , goldman sachs , and jp morgan—had cut their earnings estimates for facebook during the company 's ipo roadshow . newline_char earlier , we reported that the analysts at facebook 's ipo underwriters had cut their estimates for the company in the middle of the ipo roadshow , a highly unusual and negative event . newline_char the analysts cut their estimates because a facebook executive who knew the business was weak told them to . newline_char ) the fact that some potential facebook investors were told of the analysts ' estimate cuts and others were not would seem to be a major " selective dissemination " issue . newline_char as i described earlier , at best , this " selective disclosure " of the estimate cut is grossly unfair to investors who bought facebook stock on the ipo ( or at any time since ) and did n't know about it .
