ristensen , 28 , of champaign , was charged in a superseding indictment with one count of kidnapping resulting in a death stemming from the disappearance of 26-year-old yingying zhang , whose body has not been found . newline_char the fbi also conducted audio surveillance on christensen for several days , including when he attended a campus walk and vigil in zhang 's honor on june 29 . newline_char shortly after , federal authorities allege that christensen approached zhang in his car and lured her inside . newline_char ” the indictment also charged christensen with two new counts of making false statements to fbi agents . newline_char the indictment also charged christensen with two new counts of making false statements to fbi agents . newline_char when he was questioned a second time three days later , christensen changed his story , telling agents he was driving on campus , came across an asian woman looking distressed and offered her a ride because she said she was late to an appointment . newline_char former university of illinois graduate student brendt christensen could be eligible for the death penalty if convicted on new charges filed tuesday alleging he kidnapped and killed a visiting scholar from china in june . story_separator_special_tag the new indictment accuses brendt christensen , 28 , of kidnapping resulting in the death of yingying zhang . newline_char the new indictment alleges christensen intentionally killed zhang in " an especially heinous , cruel , or depraved manner . newline_char christensen was initially charged with the 26-year-old zhang of nanping , china . newline_char it states christensen lied when he told the fbi he stayed at his apartment and slept and played video games all day on june 9 , " when he knew full well that he drove around the university of illinois campus on the afternoon of june 9 , and picked up y , z . newline_char the indictment also charged christensen with two new counts of making false statements to fbi agents .
