tory_separator_special_tag “ sadly , the canadian government ignored numerous appeals by canadian jewish organizations and efforts by the russian authorities to ensure that justice be served , allowing vladimir katriuk to retain citizenship of canada while peacefully residing in this country , ” press secretary kirill kalinin said in an email sent to the canadian press . newline_char ” katriuk , a native of ukraine who had been an avid beekeeper for years in ormstown , que. newline_char an official with the russian embassy said katriuk ’ s death makes it impossible , “ unfortunately , ” for him to face justice . newline_char vladimir katriuk ’ s lawyer said his client had been ill for a long time before his recent death at the age of 93 . story_separator_special_tag the investigative committee of the russian federation , a law enforcement body that reports only to president vladimir putin , called on canada to deliver katriuk to moscow so he could be tried for alleged war crimes . newline_char news of vladimir katriuk ’ s death emerged several hours after the canadian centre for israel and jewish affairs said ottawa should take the necessary steps to ensure he be held accountable if he were found guilty of war crimes . newline_char a study three years ago alleged katriuk was a key participant in a village massacre during the second world war . newline_char russia charged katriuk with genocide this month in connection with the 1943 killing of civilians in khatyn , now part of belarus . newline_char the russian embassy in ottawa called on the canadian government a few weeks ago to support a criminal case against katriuk . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag alleged nazi war criminal vladimir katriuk , a beekeeper of ukrainian ancestry who lived in quebec for more than 60 years , has died just as moscow was preparing a criminal case against him in an effort to embarrass canada . newline_char katriuk to moscow so he can be tried for alleged war crimes .
