ring the trip to cuba , president obama is set to meet with cuban president raul castro . newline_char — president obama ( @ potus ) february 18 , 2016 in a post detailing the trip on medium , deputy national security adviser ben rhodes said the president is traveling to cuba to press for more reforms , noting that while advancements have been made , " still , this progress is insufficient . newline_char president obama is planning a trip to cuba in march , marking the first time in more than 80 years a sitting u.s. president will visit the country , according to sources with knowledge of the plan . newline_char first lady michelle obama will travel with the president to cuba , and the first family will join him in argentina . newline_char next month , i 'll travel to cuba to advance our progress and efforts that can improve the lives of the cuban people . story_separator_special_tag washington ( cnn ) president barack obama will become the first sitting u.s. president to visit cuba in 88 years , when he visits havana in march , white house press secretary josh earnest announced thursday . newline_char " next month , i 'll travel to cuba to advance our progress and efforts that can improve the lives of the cuban people . newline_char next month , i 'll travel to cuba to advance our progress and efforts that can improve the lives of the cuban people . story_separator_special_tag the brief visit in mid-march will mark a watershed moment for relations between the u.s. and cuba , a communist nation estranged from the u.s. for half a century until obama and cuban president raul castro moved to re-launch more than a year ago . newline_char ( associated press ) washington ( ap ) — president barack obama will pay a historic visit to cuba in the coming weeks , senior obama administration officials said wednesday , becoming the first president to set foot on the island in nearly seven decades . story_separator_special_tag next month , i 'll travel to cuba to advance our progress and efforts that can improve the lives of the cuban people .
