ack pastors demand apology from donald trump instead of endorsements , many black pastors issued donald trump demands for an apology for his treatment of racial minorities at a closed-door meeting at trump tower in new york on monday . newline_char ” in trump ’ s account of the meeting , pastors did not ask him  newline_char but trump , rarely one to avoid news cameras , held an impromptu press conference anyways and described the meeting as full of “ love. newline_char during the meeting , pastors demanded trump apologize not only to the black community , but also to mexicans for his inflammatory rhetoric , according to bishop orrin pullings , a richmond , virginia-based pastor . newline_char it did n't go longer for other reasons , ” trump said of the two-and-a-half hour session . newline_char he listened to us and you know , i think donald trump is a very good listener. story_separator_special_tag new york ( ap ) — dozens of black pastors pressed republican presidential front-runner donald trump on monday to address what some called his use of racially charged rhetoric , with several describing a meeting that became tense at times as attendees raised concerns about his blunt language . newline_char trump met with a coalition of 100 ... newline_char trump met with a coalition ... newline_char trump met with a coalition of 100 african-american ... newline_char " " the beautiful thing about the meeting is that they did n't really ask me to change the tone , " trump said . newline_char ( associated press ) republican presidential candidate donald trump , foreground center , stands in the middle of a media crush in the trump tower lobby in new york , monday , nov. newline_char ( associated press ) while some left the gathering at trump 's skyscraper in midtown manhattan with hopes their message had resonated , trump said afterward he had no plans to change his approach , which he said had taken him to " first position in every single poll . story_separator_special_tag trump .
