photo : michael reynolds , epa ) washington — president obama told congress not to leave town before passing a zika funding bill amid new reports that 279 pregnant women from the united states and its territories have shown signs of infection from the zika virus . newline_char close the cdc reports hundreds of women in the united states and its territories have shown signs of infection from the zika virus . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag cases in pregnant women with laboratory evidence of zika virus infection who have either 1 ) symptomatic infection or 2 ) asymptomatic infection with diagnosed complications of pregnancy can be reported as cases of zika virus disease to arbonet* ( 2 ) , cdc ’ s national arboviral diseases surveillance system . newline_char monitoring all pregnant women with possible zika virus infection during pregnancy , whether asymptomatic or symptomatic , will enhance understanding of possible adverse outcomes and allow better estimates of the number of pregnancies at risk for adverse outcomes . newline_char in february 2016 , cdc , in collaboration with state , local , tribal , and territorial health departments , launched comprehensive surveillance systems to report and actively monitor pregnancies and congenital outcomes among symptomatic and asymptomatic women with laboratory evidence of possible zika virus infection . newline_char the establishment of a comprehensive surveillance system to monitor pregnant women with zika virus infection will provide data to further elucidate the full range of potential outcomes for fetuses and infants of mothers with asymptomatic and symptomatic zika virus infection during pregnancy . newline_char under existing interim guidelines from the council for state and territorial epidemiologists ( cste ) , asymptomatic zika virus infections in pregnant women who do not have known pregnancy complications are not reportable . newline_char as of may 12 , 2016 , there were 157 and 122 pregnant women with laboratory evidence of possible zika virus infection residing in u.s. states and u.s. territories , respectively .
