| getty images pentagon ‘ erroneously ’ retweets call for trump 's resignation the pentagon today quickly disavowed what it called a mistaken retweet from its official social media account of an activist ’ s call for president donald trump to step down . newline_char ” pentagon press secretary dana white tweeted a similar clarification , which the pentagon 's official twitter account also shared . newline_char ” story continued below the pentagon ’ s official twitter account then reposted the broadside before quickly deleting it . newline_char ” the tweet concluded with " donald trump : resign from the presidency . newline_char many twitter profiles contain a disclaimer saying that retweets do not constitute an endorsement , but the pentagon account , @ deptofdefense , does not . newline_char rob manning issued a statement explaining that an “ authorized operator ” of the account “ erroneously re-tweeted content that would not be endorsed by the department of defense. story_separator_special_tag the pentagon 's official twitter account retweeted a tweet saying president trump should resign , a move that was made " erroneously , " according to the department of defense 's chief spokesperson . newline_char on thursday afternoon , the pentagon 's account retweeted a tweet from the account " proud resister , " claiming alabama senate candidate roy moore , sen. newline_char trump — all of whom are now accused of sexual misconduct — should step aside or resign . newline_char twitter dana white , assistant to the secretary of defense for public affairs , said on twitter that retweet happened " erroneously , " and included content that " would not be endorsed by the department of defense . newline_char " an authorized operator of the @ deptofdefense ’ s official twitter site erroneously retweeted content that would not be endorsed by the department of defense . newline_char ahead of the election , 16 women accused then-candidate trump of behaving inappropriately towards them , and mr. story_separator_special_tag 
