associated press ) brussels ( ap ) — the main fugitive from islamic extremist attacks in paris in november , salah abdeslam , has been arrested in belgium 's capital after four months at large , french police officials said friday . newline_char friday 's caputure of abdeslam comes after belgian authorities say they found his fingerprints in an apartment raided earlier this week in another brussels neighborhood . newline_char in that raid , a man believed to have been an accomplice of abdeslam — mohamed belkaid — was shot dead , belgian prosecutors say . newline_char in addition to abdeslam , the whereabouts of two paris attack suspects remains unknown , including fellow molenbeek resident mohamed abrini and a man known under the alias of soufiane kayal . story_separator_special_tag play video " suspect held outside brussels flat " video : suspect held outside brussels flat events as they unfold : live blog about three hours after abdeslam 's arrest , two blasts were heard , before a further suspect - who was still holed up - was detained . newline_char abdeslam suffered leg injuries before being arrested , during a major police operation in the molenbeek suburb . newline_char three of those arrested are being held on suspicion of sheltering abdeslam and an accomplice . story_separator_special_tag abdeslam was wounded in a gunbattle with authorities in an anti-terror raid in the brussels ' suburb of molenbeek . newline_char earlier , belgian prime minister charles michel told reporters that abdeslam , a belgian-born french citizen , and another person were wounded in the raid . newline_char french president francois hollande said paris prosecutors will urgently request the extradition of abdeslam . newline_char ( cnn ) after a four-month search for europe 's most-wanted fugitive , paris terror attacks suspect salah abdeslam was captured friday , belgian officials said . newline_char hollande told reporters he is confident abdeslam will be sent to france for trial .
