icago fire department spokesman larry langford said there has been 74 overdoses in the past 72 hours , noting that the number is more than double the rate of overdoses the city saw at this time last year . story_separator_special_tag at city council budget hearings friday afternoon , chief mary sheridan , head of the fire department 's emergency medical services division , said all the recent overdose victims were stabilized with a single dose of narcan , a heroin antidote carried by chicago paramedics , and then transported safely to hospitals . newline_char by friday afternoon , 14 people had been rushed to mount sinai hospital in chicago in the previous 24 hours to be treated for heroin overdoses , some with the needles still stuck in their arm , according to hospital officials . newline_char in all , nearly 75 people have overdosed in chicago since tuesday afternoon from dangerous batches of narcotics , possibly heroin laced with the painkiller fentanyl , according to city health and fire officials . newline_char ( cbs chicago ) heroin overdoses are spiking in chicago . newline_char heroin overdoses are spiking in chicago . newline_char chicago police , meanwhile , are looking into whether a 49-year-old man who died of an apparent drug overdose in the west side 's east garfield park neighborhood had ingested narcotics from one of the dangerous batches , according to law enforcement sources . newline_char dozens in the chicago area died of overdoses , including from fentanyl mixed with other drugs . newline_char " we suspect what is happening is the same thing that happened in 2006 when people were getting heroin that was cut with fentanyl , which is a very strong narcotic , " said diane hincks , a registered nurse and emergency room director at mount sinai on the west side . newline_char " by early friday afternoon , emergency crews had responded to 74 cases over 72 hours , more than double the same three-day period last year , said larry langford , spokesman for the chicago fire department .
