ological records of fish scales deposited off southern california indicate that the unfished sardine population fluctuated naturally between a low of 400,000 tons to as much as 16 million tons . newline_char the pacific fishery management council , which manages fishing in federal waters off california , oregon , and washington , should do two things to help maintain a healthy pacific ocean : set conservative catch limits on sardines when the population is so low . newline_char in addition , because sardines have been a staple of commercial purse-seine fishing on the west coast , their decline raises the potential for fishing pressure to shift to similar , but more abundant , schooling species of forage fish . newline_char cause for concern populations of forage fish along the west coast fluctuate widely , so a species can be abundant one year and dwindle unexpectedly the next . newline_char resources thank the pfmc for protecting the west coast ecosystem the pacific coast of north america supports one of the most vibrant and diverse marine ecosystems on earth , largely because of the presence of thick schools of small prey fish such as pacific sardines . newline_char its absence will be felt by dozens of species of west coast seabirds , whales , sharks , dolphins , and commercially important fish such as salmon and tuna that depend on sardines as a major food source . story_separator_special_tag " to blame is the biggest sardine crash in generations , which has made schools of the small , silvery fish a rarity on the west coast . newline_char the pacific sardine is the ocean 's quintessential boom-bust fish . newline_char " we should n't be harvesting sardines any time the population is this low , " said geoff shester , california program director for the conservation group oceana , which contends that continuing to fish for them could speed their decline and arrest any recovery . newline_char if nature is responsible for the decline , history shows the fish will bounce back when ocean conditions improve .
