uthwest confirmed that the flight had to return to seattle on sunday afternoon after officials realized the plane was still carrying the heart intended for delivery to a hospital . newline_char the captain went on to explain that the heart should have been left in seattle after an earlier flight from sacramento . newline_char , thursday : we now know where seattle ’ s airborne heart was headed after the dallas-bound flight was turned around . newline_char it was unclear what the heart was intended for and whether anyone 's life was ever in danger . story_separator_special_tag ( cnn ) a southwest flight was forced to turn around after a human heart meant for donation was accidentally left on board , the airline said . newline_char despite the delay , the heart was unharmed and reached its destination on time , according to sierra donor services , the nonprofit that organized the donation . newline_char the heart had arrived sunday at seattle-tacoma international airport , where it was due to be unloaded , officials said . newline_char " we made the decision to return to seattle to ensure the shipment was delivered to its destination within the window of time allotted by our cargo customer , " the airline said . story_separator_special_tag please enable javascript to watch this video sacramento — southwest airlines says a dallas-bound flight returned to seattle last weekend because a human heart was left onboard . newline_char the heart , gifted to someone in need of its valves , left west sacramento 's sierra donor services over the weekend headed to seattle . newline_char " my understanding is the pilot made an announcement when they turned around that they were returning because there was a heart that had been left on board that they needed to get back to the hospital , ” said sierra donor services public education and relations manager deanna santana . newline_char someone forgot to unload the heart before the plane left for dallas , and the captain announced over idaho they were turning back .
