thorities also said an unidentified 47-year-old man from schenectady , new york , who was a guest at the park , was treated and released from a hospital for a back injury sustained when he attempted to catch the falling girl . newline_char " there does not appear to be any malfunction of the ride , but we have closed the attraction until a thorough review can be completed , " a park official said . newline_char the accident happened on the " sky ride " at six flags amusement park , about 55 miles ( 88.51 kilometers ) north of albany , new york , just after 8 p.m. saturday . newline_char ( ap ) — a teenager fell from a stopped gondola ride at an upstate new york amusement park saturday night , tumbling into a crowd of park guests and employees gathered below in an effort to catch the victim before she hit the ground . newline_char she was treated by park emergency medical staff and transferred by ambulance to glen falls hospital before being taken by helicopter to the medical center . newline_char no additional information was immediately available . newline_char queensbury , n.y. newline_char ; the warren county sheriff 's office said late saturday the unidentified 14-year-old girl from greenwood , delaware , is at albany medical center in stable condition with no serious injuries . newline_char the park said in a statement that the safety of guests is a top priority . story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . newline_char crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . newline_char that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page 's authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
