ndusky said of his household ’ s relationship with children from the charity . newline_char ” yet over the course of the interview , mr. newline_char ” yet over the course of the interview , mr. newline_char sandusky , after repeated requests , agreed to the interview because he said his decades of work with children had been misunderstood and distorted by prosecutors . newline_char sandusky , after repeated requests , agreed to the interview because he said his decades of work with children had been misunderstood and distorted by prosecutors . story_separator_special_tag sandusky , in the interview , said that mr. newline_char sandusky had molested a 10-year-old boy in the showers of the university ’ s football building played a role in mr. newline_char sandusky , in a nearly four-hour interview over two days this week , insisted he had never sexually abused any child , but he confirmed details of some of the events that prosecutors have cited in charging him with 40 counts of molesting young boys , all of whom came to know mr. newline_char the former penn state assistant football coach jerry sandusky , in his first extended interview since his indictment on sexual abuse charges last month , said coach joe paterno never spoke to him about any suspected misconduct with minors . newline_char ” yet over the course of the interview , mr. newline_char ” yet over the course of the interview , mr. newline_char sandusky also said the charity he worked for never restricted his access to children until he became the subject of a criminal investigation in 2008 . newline_char sandusky through the charity he founded , known as the second mile . newline_char sandusky , after repeated requests , agreed to the interview because he said his decades of work with children had been misunderstood and distorted by prosecutors . newline_char sandusky , after repeated requests , agreed to the interview because he said his decades of work with children had been misunderstood and distorted by prosecutors .
