iggs admitted to strangling mary greco , 82 , in her apartment in 2012 . newline_char briggs had shoveled snow for greco around the time she was killed , said officials . story_separator_special_tag toilet seat helps doom killer clues galore clinch guilty plea in retired nun 's 2012 killing image 1 of / 1 caption close image 1 of 1 michael briggs ( albany county sheriff 's department ) michael briggs ( albany county sheriff 's department ) toilet seat helps doom killer 1 / 1 back to gallery schenectady when sgt . newline_char at the time of greco 's killing , briggs had violated parole and was being sought by authorities , carney said . newline_char the two crossed paths on dec 27 , 2012 , when briggs offered to shovel greco 's car out after a snowstorm . newline_char briggs ' fingerprints were in greco 's car as well . newline_char briggs lived a short walk from greco 's home near vale cemetery . newline_char as he again cleared off greco 's car , she called her neighbor and asked if she wanted briggs to shovel her car out as well . newline_char greco 's call to her neighbor helped authorities put briggs at the scene . newline_char those prints would become part of a ream of evidence , large and small , that connected briggs to greco 's murder in 2012 , a crime he confessed to monday , a week before his trial was to start . newline_char after strangling and stabbing her , briggs stole greco 's car . newline_char the most crucial piece of evidence , however , was video surveillance footage that showed briggs leaving his home , snow shovel in hand , and walking toward greco 's just before she was killed . newline_char " there was everything a jury could sink their teeth into , " said michael mansion , briggs ' attorney , who struck a plea deal after seeing the video for the first time friday " as i got myself deeper and deeper into trial preparation , it became pretty apparent there was more than sufficient evidence for a jury to find a guilty verdict on all counts , " said mansion , who took over as assigned counsel for briggs last fall .
