tory_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag han owned and operated the santa barbara herb clinic since 1991 , according to its website , which says he had an extensive background in chinese herbal medicine and western medicine and was a co-author of books on the combination of the two traditions . newline_char " sheriff 's detectives are actively investigating this case and are working around the clock to determine who is responsible for this horrific crime , " santa barbara county sheriff 's spokeswoman kelly hoover said in a statement . newline_char glenn miller , a psychiatrist , who with han was among three co-authors of a book on ancient herbs and modern medicine , told the santa barbara news-press that han was " a healer in the truest sense of the word " and a doting father . newline_char the crime was discovered wednesday when sheriff 's deputies responded to a call for a welfare check on the residence in a modern neighborhood on winding streets just outside santa barbara . newline_char han provided traditional treatments including acupuncture , acupressure and herbal formulas from an on-site chinese pharmacy , according to the website . newline_char weidong " henry " han ; his wife , 29-year-old huijie " jennie " yu ; and their daughter , emily han , a kindergartner . story_separator_special_tag ] : a short time ago , sheriff ’ s detectives were witnessed entering the santa barbara herbal clinic on upper state street , which is run by dr. newline_char han , 57 , is the founder of the santa barbara herb clinic located across from la cumbre plaza . newline_char weidong “ henry ” han , his 29-year-old wife huijie “ jennie ” yu , and their five-year-old daughter emily han . newline_char han is the listed owner of the greenhill way home where the three bodies were found newline_char “ sheriff ’ s detectives are actively investigating this case and are working around the clock to determine who is responsible for this horrific crime , ” said sheriff ’ s office spokesperson kelly hoover in a press release .
