ltern am see , germany students and teachers at a small-town german high school broke down in tears once they realized that 16 classmates and two teachers were on board an ill-fated germanwings airplane that crashed in france on tuesday on a flight to duesseldorf . newline_char haltern am see mayor bodo klimpel said that word spread quickly through the school about reports that a plane from barcelona had gone missing and the students began researching on their own to try to find out more about the plane 's fate . newline_char germanwings confirmed its flight from barcelona to duesseldorf went down with 144 passengers and six crew . story_separator_special_tag ( associated press ) rescue workers and gendarme gather in seyne-les-alpes , french alps , tuesday , march 24 , 2015 , as search-and-rescue teams struggle to reach the remote crash site of germanwings passenger plane . newline_char ( associated press ) a family of people involved in a crashed plane arrives at the barcelona airport in spain , tuesday , march 24 , 2015 . newline_char ( associated press ) a man who appears to have waited for the missing flight 4u 9525 covers his face at the airport in duesseldorf , germany , tuesday , march 24 , 2015 , after a germanwings passenger jet carrying more 140 people ... newline_char a germanwings plane from barcelona crashed on its way to duesseldorf over the french alps , 16 ... newline_char ( associated press ) a rescue helicopter takes off from la seyne les alpes , french alps , tuesday , march 24 , 2015 , as search-and-rescue teams struggle to reach the remote , snow-covered crash site of germanwings passenger plane ... newline_char a germanwings passenger jet carrying 150 people crashed in the french alps region tuesday as it traveled from barcelona to ... newline_char ( associated press ) rescue workers and helicopter stand at la seyne les alpes , french alps , tuesday , march 24 , 2015 , as search-and-rescue teams struggle to reach the remote , snow-covered crash site of germanwings passenger ...
