 an address to the nation via web video stream , erdoğan explained that the coup attempt came from " a faction in the military , the parallels , " which turkey observers understood as a reference to followers of fethullah gülen , a moderate sunni cleric whose movement claims millions of followers in turkey and around the world . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag their anger was palpable during a violent , military coup attempt that brought tanks rolling through the streets of ankara and istanbul , a bomb tossed in parliament and heavy artillery in their cities . story_separator_special_tag istanbul/ankara ( reuters ) - turkish authorities rounded up nearly 3,000 suspected military plotters on saturday and ordered thousands of judges detained after thwarting a coup by rebels using tanks and attack helicopters to try to topple president tayyip erdogan . newline_char for several hours overnight on friday violence shook turkey ’ s two main cities , as the armed faction which tried to seize power blocked a bridge in istanbul and strafed the headquarters of turkish intelligence and parliament in ankara . story_separator_special_tag ( associated press ) luxembourg ( ap ) — the obama administration would entertain an extradition request for the u.s.-based cleric that turkey 's president is blaming for a failed coup attempt , u.s. secretary of state john kerry said saturday . story_separator_special_tag ( associated press ) ankara , turkey ( ap ) — the latest on the attempted military coup in turkey ( all times local ) : 5:20 p.m . newline_char turkish soldiers secure the area as supporters of turkey 's president recep tayyip erdogan protest in istanbul 's taksim square , early saturday , july 16 , 2016 . newline_char turkey 's prime minister says a group within turkey 's military has engaged in what appeared to be an attempted coup . newline_char ( associated press ) turkish soldiers secure the area as supporters of turkey 's president recep tayyip erdogan protest in istanbul 's taksim square , early saturday , july 16 , 2016 .
