ey conducted the test in both summer months and winter months to see how air temperature affected their yawning frequency . newline_char yawning frequency reduced when temperatures were around 37°c in arizona 's summer and also in the freezing depths of the vienna winter . newline_char now austrian researchers have found that yawning actually works to manage brain temperature to improve alertness and mental efficiency . newline_char the researchers concluded that contagious yawning is most frequent when the temperature is around 20°c . newline_char lead author dr jorg massen said yawning appears to be unhelpful when the air temperature is as hot as the body , or when it is freezing , as the cold air is unnecessary or could even be harmful . story_separator_special_tag it turned out that it was not the seasons themselves , nor the amount of daylight hours experienced , but that contagious yawning was constrained to an optimal thermal zone or range of ambient temperatures around 20o c. newline_char sleep cycles , cortical arousal and stress are all associated with fluctuations in brain temperature , yawning subsequently functions to keep the brain temperature balanced and in optimal homeostasis . newline_char according to this theory , yawning should also be easily manipulated by ambient temperature variation , since exchange with cool ambient air temperature may facilitate lowering brain temperature . story_separator_special_tag consequently , yawning should be constrained to an optimal thermal zone or range of temperature , i.e. story_separator_special_tag a group of researchers at the university of vienna tested subjects in austria and arizona and tracked their activity , finding that that the only significant predicator of yawning was temperature : subjects were much more likely to yawn at higher temperatures . newline_char ultimately , it appears that yawning is related to regulating brain temperature and creating a state where arousal in a yawner can be achieved .
