n ali promise in a televised address on thursday night to stop shooting demonstrators , crowds began to gather outside the interior ministry along bourguiba boulevard early friday morning . newline_char ben ali cycled through a series of attempts to placate the protesters , firing his interior minister , pledging a corruption investigation , promising new freedoms and a resignation at the end of his term in 2014 , and finally dismissing his whole cabinet . story_separator_special_tag ( associated press ) demonstrators hold placards reading " ben ali get out " in tunis , friday , jan. newline_char ( associated press ) tunisian police officers guard the interior ministry as thousands of demonstrators are gathered in front of the building calling for the resignation of president zine el abidine ben ali in tunis , friday , ... newline_char protestors hold a banner reading " ben ali get out " , calling for the resignation of tunisia 's president zine el abidine ben ali , in the capital , tunis , friday , jan. newline_char ( associated press ) a armored vehicle guards a street in tunis next to a photo of tunisia 's president zine el abidine ben ali , during a demonstration , friday , jan. newline_char tunisia 's state news agency says president zine el abidine ben ali has decided to dismiss his government following massive riots . newline_char thousands of angry demonstrators marched through tunisia 's capital friday , demanding the resignation ... newline_char thousands of angry demonstrators marched through tunisia 's capital friday , demanding the resignation of the country 's ... newline_char thousands of angry demonstrators marched through tunisia 's capital friday , ... newline_char thousands of angry demonstrators marched through tunisia 's capital friday , ... newline_char thousands of angry demonstrators marched through tunisia 's capital friday , ... newline_char thousands of angry demonstrators marched through tunisia 's capital friday , demanding ... newline_char thousands of angry demonstrators marched through tunisia 's capital friday , demanding ...
