eriff jeffrey gahler told reporters the woman was a temporary employee and showed up for work at her normal time at the facility near aberdeen . newline_char a law enforcement official briefed on the incident said the suspect was at some point a security guard at the rite aid support facility where the shooting occurred . newline_char ( cnn ) a woman killed three people and wounded three others before fatally shooting herself at a drugstore distribution center thursday in harford county , maryland , officials said . story_separator_special_tag a temporary employee at a rite aid distribution center in harford county fatally shot three co-workers and injured three others before killing herself thursday morning , police said . newline_char harford county sheriff jeffrey gahler declined to release the names the victims , saying families were still being notified of their deaths . newline_char the shooting in perryman , an unincorporated area of the county near aberdeen , was one of three to erupt in u.s. workplaces in the space of 24 hours and came less than a year after a gunman killed three fellow employees at another harford county business . story_separator_special_tag investigators believe the shooting began outside rite aid 's perryman distribution center in the business park at 1501 perryman road , then moved inside , gahler said . newline_char # wbal pic.twitter.com/fip60ppci4 — lowell melser ( @ melserwbal ) september 20 , 2018 investigators believe the shooting began outside rite aid 's perryman distribution center in the business park at 1501 perryman road , then moved inside , gahler said . newline_char multiple sources say this is the vehicle of the suspect in the rite aid distribution center shooting no license plates and police escort . newline_char gahler said deputies are working to establish a timeline of the shooting . newline_char gahler said deputies are working to establish a timeline of the shooting . newline_char gahler was n't ready to identify the 26-year-old in a thursday afternoon press conference , but said she was a temporary employee whose last known address was in baltimore county .
