students journalists published a story friday questioning the legitimacy of the private college — corllins university — where robertson got her master ’ s and doctorate degrees years ago . newline_char ” minutes into a closed special meeting tuesday night of the pittsburg community schools board of education , board president al mendez emerged to announce to a packed boardroom that amy robertson , the new principal , had resigned . newline_char u.s. department of education officials , contacted by the star , confirmed student reports ; the federal agency could not find evidence of corllins in operation . newline_char days after student reporters at pittsburg high school in kansas dug into the background of their newly hired principal and found questionable credentials , she resigned from the $ 93,000-a-year job . story_separator_special_tag a group of reporters and editors from the student newspaper , the booster redux at pittsburg high school in southeastern kansas , had gathered to talk about amy robertson , who was hired as the high school ’ s head principal on march 6 . newline_char high school journalists in kansas investigated their principal and found discrepancies in her credentials , prompting her to resign . newline_char for one , when they researched corllins university , the private university where robertson said she got her master ’ s and doctorate degrees years ago , the website didn ’ t work . newline_char the students began digging into a weeks-long investigation that would result in an article published friday questioning the legitimacy of the principal ’ s degrees and of her work as an education consultant . newline_char the student journalists had begun researching robertson , and quickly found some discrepancies in her education credentials . newline_char ” the resignation thrust the student newspaper staff into local , state and national news , with professional journalists nationwide applauding the students for asking tough questions and prompting change in their administration . story_separator_special_tag 
