gauley and others have been roused by the president ’ s call to restore order and defend the country against what trump has called “ an invasion , ” as thousands of central american migrants advance slowly through southern mexico toward the u.s. border . story_separator_special_tag the assessment underscored news reports that combatant commanders might encounter unregulated militia members along the southern border in alleged support of u.s. customs and border protection agents . newline_char “ estimated 200 unregulated armed militia members currently operating along the southwest border . newline_char as president donald trump directs thousands of troops to the u.s.-mexico border in a show of military force against an approaching caravan of migrants from central america , preliminary intelligence assessments are preparing for encounters with a litany of groups from unregulated militias to transcontinental criminal organizations , according to documents obtained by newsweek . newline_char the documents take a detailed look at the four-point of entry locations spread across the southwest border and assesses where the caravan might travel . newline_char newsweek obtained the operational planning documents earlier this week from two different defense department sources that have direct knowledge of u.s. northern command 's mission on the southern u.s. border . story_separator_special_tag the men said they were there scouting locations to prepare for the migrant caravan from central america slowly making its way through mexico toward the southwest border . newline_char president donald trump announced this week that he planned to deploy 15,000 troops to the border to meet the caravan he referred to as an “ invasion ” and he vowed to set up tents to hold central americans who he said will likely be denied asylum and be deported . newline_char ” advertisementskip while rumors and heated rhetoric about a crisis on the border contribute to rising tensions , border communities are caught in the middle .
