s cash topped $ 200 billion for the first time as the portion of money held abroad rose to almost 90 percent , putting more pressure on chief executive officer tim cook to find a way to use the funds without incurring u.s. taxes . story_separator_special_tag ) over the last few years , gilead sciences has grown into one of the world ’ s largest pharmaceutical companies , fueled by the sales of expensive specialty treatments for hepatitis c. newline_char according to a report to be released wednesday , gilead has also developed another specialty : avoiding billions in taxes . newline_char in 2013 , gilead launched the drug sovaldi – a hepatitis c cure that carried an $ 84,000 list price for a 12-week course of treatment . newline_char harvoni , a drug for treating hepatitis c made by gilead sciences . newline_char last month , gilead received approval for a third treatment , epclusa , which carries a list price of $ 74,760 . story_separator_special_tag gilead sciences executives were acutely aware in 2013 that their plan to charge an exorbitantly high price for a powerful new hepatitis c drug would spark public outrage , but they pursued the profit-driven strategy anyway , according to a senate finance committee investigation report released tuesday . newline_char “ the documents show it was always gilead ’ s plan to max out revenue , and that accessibility and affordability were pretty much an afterthought , " said sen. newline_char " let 's not fold to advocacy pressure in 2014 , " kevin young , gilead 's executive vice president for commercial operations , wrote in an internal email . newline_char in a statement released tuesday , gilead disagreed with the conclusions of the report , saying that the price was " in line with previous standards of care. newline_char " gilead gained federal approval for its drug sovaldi in late 2013 and ultimately settled on the price of $ 84,000 for a 12-week course of treatment . newline_char sovaldi , an expensive hepatitis c treatment , is made by gilead sciences .
