tory_separator_special_tag it states unequivocally in its summary statement that it was russian military intelligence , specifically the russian general staff main intelligence directorate , or gru , that conducted the cyber attacks described in the document : the nsa analysis does not  newline_char while the document provides a rare window into the nsa ’ s understanding of the mechanics of russian hacking , it does not show the underlying “ raw ” intelligence on which the analysis is based . newline_char russian general staff main intelligence directorate actors … executed cyber espionage operations against a named u.s. company in august 2016 , evidently to obtain information on elections-related software and hardware solutions . newline_char the top-secret national security agency document , which was provided anonymously to the intercept and independently authenticated , analyzes intelligence very recently acquired by the agency about a months-long russian intelligence cyber effort against elements of the u.s. election and voting infrastructure . newline_char russian military intelligence executed a cyberattack on at least one u.s. voting software supplier and sent spear-phishing emails to more than 100 local election officials just days before last november ’ s presidential election , according to a highly classified intelligence report obtained by the intercept . story_separator_special_tag winner , a 26-year-old former u.s. air force linguist who grew up in rural texas , is accused of leaking a top-secret government report about russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election . newline_char after a year of duking it out in federal court over allegations that she leaked top-secret government intelligence , former national security agency contractor reality winner has agreed to a plea deal . newline_char reality winner reaches plea deal with government over leaked document https : //t.co/e23gqi2hez via @ dailyreport — billie j. newline_char the intercept , the online news outlet that allegedly received the document , has since admitted some fault in its handling of the leaked report , which court records say led investigators to winner ’ s door .
