ile clinton remains the front-runner for the nomination , and pollsters caution against reading too much into one survey , the results reflect serious movement for sanders : he trailed the former secretary of state by a 52-33 percent margin in quinnipiac 's last poll of iowa 's likely democratic caucus-goers , in july . newline_char clinton fared better in the latest nbc news/marist polling of iowa released last weekend , drawing 48 percent to sanders ' 37 percent . newline_char ( with the vice president in the mix , clinton stood at 38 percent , sanders at 27 percent and biden at 20 percent . story_separator_special_tag september 10 , 2015 - sanders 41 to clinton 40 in iowa democratic caucus , quinnipiac university poll finds ; dems say sanders is more honest and caring pdf format additional trend information in a come-from-behind rally , u.s. sen. newline_char there is a wide gender gap among democrats today as sanders leads clinton 49 - 28 percent among men , with 16 percent for biden , while clinton leads sanders 49 - 35 percent among women , with 9 percent for biden . newline_char bernie sanders of vermont is the choice of 41 percent of iowa likely democratic caucus participants , with 40 percent picking former secretary of state hillary clinton and 12 percent backing vice president joseph biden , according to a quinnipiac university poll released today . newline_char this compares to results of a july 2 survey by the independent quinnipiac ( kwin-uh-pe- ack ) university showing clinton at 52 percent , with 33 percent for sanders and 7 percent for biden . story_separator_special_tag presidential candidate hillary clinton just endorsed a policy that , if implemented , could give a huge advantage to her primary opponent bernie sanders . newline_char if a matching contribution limit was set at $ 200 and the matching rate was six to one ( similar to the rates under a plan currently proposed in congress ) sanders ’ totals would more than quadruple while clinton ’ s funds would less than double .
