e new report notes that some vaccines , including flu shots and the combined vaccine against measles , mumps and rubella , are associated with an increased risk of fever-related seizures in small children . newline_char ( photo : afp/getty images file ) serious complications related to vaccines are very rare , and there is no evidence that immunizations cause autism , according to an analysis of 67 research studies . newline_char study finds vaccine side effects rare , outweighed by immunization benefits . story_separator_special_tag all those vaccines that children get in the early years are very safe , and adverse side-effects are very rare , a large review of vaccine safety finds . newline_char “ concerns about vaccine safety have led some parents to decline recommended vaccination of their children , leading to the resurgence of diseases , ” rand ’ s dr. newline_char but there ’ s no evidence linking vaccines with leukemia or autism , despite persistent rumors , the researchers found . newline_char the federal government commissioned the california-based rand corporation to review all that ’ s known about the battery of childhood vaccines to reassure people who still have their doubts . newline_char ” the worst adverse events include a very rare intestinal blockage called intussusception caused by the rotavirus vaccine and a rare blood disorder called thrombocytopenic purpura linked with the chickenpox and measles , mumps and rubella ( mmr ) vaccine . story_separator_special_tag " i do n't think this report , alone , will convince parents that vaccines are safe , " said dr. newline_char that report found vaccines can cause certain side effects but serious ones are very rare . newline_char —newer vaccines against rotavirus , a severe diarrheal disease in children , slightly raise the risk of a rare bowel blockage . newline_char and one recent study found vaccine safety messages actually reduced some parents ' willingness to get their kids vaccinated . newline_char it echoes some of those findings and included vaccines that report had n't addressed .
