 the 911 call played in a california court wednesday during a hearing to determine if her mother and father should face trial on child abuse charges , the girl said two younger sisters and a brother were chained to their beds and she could n't take it any longer . newline_char in the 911 call played in a california court wednesday during a hearing to determine if her mother and father should face trial on child abuse charges , the girl said two younger sisters and a brother were chained to their beds and she could n't take it any longer . newline_char " david and louise turpin have pleaded not guilty in riverside county superior court to torture , child abuse and other charges . newline_char " david and louise turpin have pleaded not guilty in riverside county superior court to torture , child abuse and other charges . newline_char the 911 call in january was the start of a new day for the 13 turpin offspring — ages 2 to 29 — who lived in such isolation that some did n't even understand the role of police officers when they showed up at the house in response to the call , authorities said . story_separator_special_tag in the 911 call played in a california court wednesday during a hearing to determine if her mother and father should face trial on child abuse charges , the girl said two younger sisters and a brother were chained to their beds and she could n't take it any longer . newline_char in the 911 call played in a california court wednesday during a hearing to determine if her mother and father should face trial on child abuse charges , the girl said two younger sisters and a brother were chained to their beds and she could n't take it any longer . newline_char " david and louise turpin have pleaded not guilty in riverside county superior court to torture , child abuse and other charges . newline_char " david and louise turpin have pleaded not guilty in riverside county superior court to torture , child abuse and other charges . newline_char the 911 call in january was the start of a new day for the 13 turpin offspring — ages 2 to 29 — who lived in such isolation that some did n't even understand the role of police officers when they showed up at the house in response to the call , authorities said .
