y 6 , 2008 : workers were required to evacuate when a blowout was reported on a pride offshore drilling rig in 287 feet of water and about 90 miles from shore . newline_char october 28 , 2006 : a welding accident resulted in a fire on a production platform in 45 feet of water and 26 miles offshore . newline_char here are summaries based on reports from the minerals management service , now the bureau of ocean energy management , regulation and enforcement : may 25 , 2006 : a leaking storage tank prompted a pollution violation at a platform damaged by hurricane katrina at a site 10 miles from shore in 35 feet of water . newline_char may 26 , 2008 : a crew member suffered an eye injury after a drilling accident involving a pride offshore rig . newline_char mariner energy has been involved in at least a dozen offshore accidents or pollution spills in gulf waters that were investigated by federal regulators . story_separator_special_tag houma , la.—the fire that engulfed an oil and gas platform thursday in the gulf of mexico heightened pressure on the energy industry , which is battling greater regulation and a deep-water drilling ban . newline_char hunt noted that the mariner facility was a production platform , not a drilling rig , and was pumping mostly natural gas . newline_char but the accident comes as the oil industry is trying to persuade the obama administration to relax its drilling moratorium , on the grounds that offshore companies have taken sufficient steps to prevent another accident like the one aboard the deepwater horizon . newline_char and it complicated the energy industry 's effort to portray bp plc 's massive deepwater horizon oil spill as a fluke that should n't have provoked a drilling moratorium , some energy experts said . newline_char kevin book , managing director of research at clearview energy partners llc , a consulting firm with many energy clients , said that another accident in the gulf , albeit minor compared with the april blowout , could prompt the democratic congress to push for greater changes .
