fthansa chief executive carsten spohr told a news conference on thursday that lubitz had taken a break during his training six years ago , but did not explain why and said he had passed all tests to be fit to fly . newline_char citing internal documents and lufthansa sources , bild said lubitz spent a total of one and a half years in psychiatric treatment and that the relevant documents would be passed to french investigators once they had been examined by german authorities . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag carsten spohr - the head of lufthansa , the german carrier that owns germanwings - said on thursday that mr lubitz was only able to resume training after his suitability was " re-established " . newline_char data from the plane 's voice recorder suggest mr lubitz purposely started a descent as the pilot was locked out of the cockpit . newline_char internal documents quoted by bild and german broadcaster ard say a note on mr lubitz 's aviation authority file recommended regular psychological assessment . newline_char 'heavily depressive ' when mr lubitz finished training in 2009 , he was diagnosed with a serious depressive episode and went on to receive treatment for a year and a half , the german news site bild reports . newline_char media playback is unsupported on your device media caption co-pilot andreas lubitz , seen here on his facebook profile , controlled the plane 's descent , marseille prosecutor brice robin said the man suspected of deliberately crashing a germanwings a320 plane in the french alps required treatment for depression , german media say . newline_char mr lubitz 's employers have confirmed that his training was interrupted for several months six years ago . newline_char andreas lubitz : germanwings co-pilot under scrutiny started training in 2008 , at bremen and arizona . newline_char german media are also reporting that investigators have found evidence of mental health problems at mr lubitz 's duesseldorf flat .
