e people living at gadachrili gora and a nearby village were the world ’ s earliest known vintners—producing wine on a large scale as early as 6,000 b.c. story_separator_special_tag telltale chemical signs of wine were discovered in eight jars , the oldest one dating from about 5,980 bc . newline_char the earthenware jars containing residual wine compounds were found in two sites south of the georgian capital , tbilisi , researchers said . newline_char image copyright afp image caption some of the neolithic jars bore decorations of grapes scientists say 8,000-year-old pottery fragments have revealed the earliest evidence of grape wine-making . newline_char " we believe this is the oldest example of the domestication of a wild-growing eurasian grapevine solely for the production of wine , " said co-author stephen batiuk , a senior researcher at the university of toronto . story_separator_special_tag evidence of the world 's oldest known winemaking has been uncovered in the nation of georgia , with a chemical analysis of stone age pottery jars fingerprinting an ancient drop going back some 8,000 years . newline_char georgia , which has a long heritage of winemaking , is positioned at a crossroads between western asia and eastern europe , and the grape identified in jar fragments excavated from two neolithic-era villages is vitis vinifera – aka the 'eurasian grapevine ' , from which nearly all kinds of modern wine originate . newline_char they say wine improves with age , and if that 's true , the discovery is truly sublime – and pushes back the world 's earliest evidence of modern-style viticulture by up to 1,000 years , trumping earlier finds in the zagros mountains of iran dating to around 5400–5000 bce . story_separator_special_tag 6,000–5,000 bc ) , provide the earliest biomolecular archaeological evidence for grape wine and viniculture from the near east , at ca . newline_char the earliest biomolecular archaeological and archaeobotanical evidence for grape wine and viniculture from the near east , ca .
