 paul vigna to get the full experience of this page , please upgrade your flash plugin the dow jones industrial average plunged within minutes early this afternoon , after somebody hacked an ap twitter account and posted a bogus tweet saying the white house had been attacked . newline_char the ap quickly dismissed the tweet :  newline_char dow jones kaitlyn kiernan reported : “ stocks briefly erased a 125-point gain after a tweet from the associated press twitter account erroneously claimed that there were two explosions in the white house and that president barack obama had been injured . story_separator_special_tag , the news organization tweeted : @ ap the associated press breaking : two explosions in the white house and barack obama is injured the message spread quickly , with twitter users immediately wondering if the account had been hacked . newline_char the associated press ' corporate communications account clarified the tweet was fake minutes later . newline_char the syrian electronic army , an organization that supports syrian president bashar al-assad , tweeted , twitter accounts for cbs news , including the " 60 minutes , " " 48 minutes " and cbs denver feeds , were also hacked last week . newline_char @ samhananelap sam hananel please ignore ap tweet on explosions , we 've been hacked . newline_char the tweet about an attack on the white house was false . newline_char the associated press ' twitter account was hacked on tuesday . newline_char cbs news reported that white house press secretary jay carney confirmed that " the president is fine , " in response to the ap 's twitter feed . newline_char @ apstylebook ap stylebook the twitter account has been suspended after it was hacked . newline_char the ap stylebook account confirmed the hack . newline_char the news organization added : the tweet , which said that there had been two explosions at the white house and president barack obama was injured , came after hackers made repeated attempts to steal the passwords of ap journalists .
