earlier saturday , wright identified a body found in a shallow grave on the property friday as that of charles david carver . newline_char the victim has told investigators that she saw kohlhepp shoot carver , according to 7th circuit solicitor barry barnette , who said  newline_char sheriff chuck wright said murder warrants have been drawn charging todd christopher kohlhepp with the murder of four people at superbike motorsports in chesnee , a quadruple slaying that occurred exactly 13 years ago sunday . newline_char in addition , kohlhepp , who was seen walking the property with investigators saturday afternoon , has led authorities to where he said two other bodies are buried . newline_char " asked how authorities were certain that kohlhepp was responsible for the previously unsolved killings at the motorcycle shop , wright said , " he told us some stuff that nobody else ought to know . newline_char her son 's girlfriend was found on thursday chained around her neck and ankles inside a metal shed on a 95-acre tract of land owned by kohlhepp on wofford road near woodruff . story_separator_special_tag wright says kohlhepp also showed law enforcement officers saturday where he says he buried two of his other victims on his 95-acre property near woodruff . newline_char wright and coroner rusty clevenger identified that victim as 32-year-old charles carver , the boyfriend of the woman found thursday in a locked metal container . newline_char 3 , 2016 photo , police search a field on property owned by todd kohlhepp where a missing woman was found chained up in a large storage container in woodruff , s.c. newline_char 3 , 2016 photo , police search a field on property owned by todd kohlhepp where a missing woman was found chained up in a large storage container in woodruff , s.c. newline_char todd kohlhepp accepted responsibility for an unsolved massacre one day before the 13th anniversary of the deaths that stumped authorities , said sheriff chuck wright , first elected a year after the murders .
