fore netanyahu came to address congress , the nsa had intercepted israeli messages that said netanyahu wanted the " the latest u.s. positions in the iran talks , " the journal wrote , signaling to to the administration that netanyahu intended to use his address to reveal sensitive details about the negotiations . newline_char the national security agency 's ( nsa ) continued surveillance of israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu and israeli leaders may also have swept up private conversations involving members of congress , the wall street journal reported tuesday night . newline_char the original reason for the stepped up surveillance of netanyahu , according to the wsj , was the fear that he would " strike iran without warning . newline_char further , the journal reports that intercepted conversations between israeli leaders confirmed israel 's knowledge of the talks , as well as its intent to undermine any nuclear deal with iran by leaking its details . newline_char ted cruz said he was n't surprised that the administration was trying to intercept netanyahu 's communications , or even that conversations including members of congress may have been swept up by the nsa , " because this administration views congress , republicans and sometimes even democratic members of congress as their enemy ... newline_char although president obama had promised to curb eavesdropping on world leaders who are u.s. allies after edward snowden leaked documents revealing the extent of the surveillance , there were a few leaders the white house wished to continue monitoring , including netanyahu . newline_char when netanyahu and his top aides came to washington to talk with jewish-american groups and members of congress to lobby against the deal , the nsa was there to pick up the conversations . story_separator_special_tag the white house kept certain allies including israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu under surveillance after president obama announced the u.s. would curtail surveillance on friendly heads of state .
