us , many claim that microwavable popcorn bought from the big brands can have dangerous chemicals with negative health effects . newline_char the post below entitled , “ diy microwave popcorn is way easier than you know , ” originally appeared on fwx . newline_char store-bought microwave popcorn is such an easy snack it might seem like orville redenbacher made a deal with the devil , but there ’ s really no reason to go to the store and buy it . story_separator_special_tag also found in the coatings on some nonstick cookware , the inside of pizza boxes and fire-fighting foam , this chemical is used in the linings of some microwave popcorn bags to prevent oil from soaking through the paper . newline_char linked with heart disease , stroke and diabetes , these “ franken fats ” are still found in many microwave popcorn varieties . newline_char americans munch 52 quarts of popcorn per person in a year , according to the american popcorn board . story_separator_special_tag in fact , the national institute for occupational safety and health ( niosh ) , an arm of the centers for disease control , had begun investigating people who worked in microwave popcorn factories who had developed bronchiolitis obliterans ( a lung disease characterized by fixed airway obstruction ) and the results revealed the cause of the disease was something back at the factory - specifically exposure to an artificial flavoring agent : 2,3-butanedione or diacetyl . newline_char chemicals , chemicals everywhere another problem is the presence of chemicals like perfluoroalkyls , perfluorooctanoic acid ( pfoa ) and perfluorooctane sulfonate ( pfos ) which are used to line the popcorn bags to prevent grease from soaking the bag wet . newline_char according to a research published in centers for disease control and prevention , inhaling butter-flavouring chemical mixtures has been linked with severe obstructive lung disease commonly known as 'popcorn lung. newline_char you know that hypnotizingly lovely smell that fills up the room when you make a fresh batch of popcorn in the microwave ?
