rshals service ’ s assistant director for investigative operations , said june 2013 in a news release announcing that janet barreto had been added to the agency ’ s 15 most wanted list . newline_char janet killough barreto is wanted in mississippi for failing to appear on charges of manslaughter of a child , three counts of child abuse , six counts of child neglect and tampering with a witness , according to the u.s . newline_char marshals service . newline_char marshals service . newline_char “ janet barreto is a malicious individual who allegedly abused innocent children on multiple occasions and forced them to live in appalling conditions , ” william snelson , u.s . story_separator_special_tag marshals ' most wanted photos : u.s . newline_char marshals website : in may 2012 , peter castillo " allegedly shot 22-year-old military veteran stephen perez in the back killing him following an altercation that occurred in the boston theater district . newline_char marshals ' most wanted – a dog found a skull that authorities identified as being the remains of fugitive kevin patrick stoeser , u.s . newline_char click through to see others who are on the marshals ' most wanted list hide caption 1 of 11 photos : u.s . newline_char marshals website : raymond abbott " used the alias robo-cop while smuggling weapons , such as ar-15 's and other automatic rifles , out of orlando , florida and selling them in puerto rico . newline_char marshals ' most wanted peter castillo – from the u.s . newline_char marshals website : larry porter chism " is wanted for charges stemming from his escape from the lonoke county jail in arkansas in december 1978 . newline_char marshals ' most wanted u.s . newline_char marshals in texas said monday , november 17 . newline_char marshals ' most wanted raymond abbott – from the u.s . newline_char marshals service caught up with her -- the lone female fugitive in their 15 most wanted list . newline_char marshals ' most wanted larry porter chism – from the u.s .
