cie counties to expedite water storage projects to alleviate the proliferation of algal blooms . newline_char governor scott is also directing the florida department of environmental protection ( dep ) and the florida fish and wildlife conservation commission ( fwc ) to take specific actions to address the issues caused by blooms . story_separator_special_tag rick scott thursday added two counties to the state of emergency declared over bright blue-green algae blooms that are taking over waterways and beaches on florida 's treasure coast . newline_char the executive order allows state and local governments to take action against the spread of the algal blooms by redirecting the water flow in and out of lake okeechobee , which many believe are to blame for the foul-smelling algae that one resident described to the associated press as " guacamole-thick . story_separator_special_tag foul smelling algae blooms from nutrient rich water released from lake okeechobee are dirtying waters and stinking up the air . story_separator_special_tag the blue-green algae is the latest contaminant featured in arguments stretching over years involving water flowing from lake okeechobee , which is critical to south florida 's water supply and flood control systems . newline_char rick scott added two more counties on thursday to the state of emergency declared over a " guacamole-thick " algae bloom affecting a stretch of beaches promoted as the state 's " treasure coast . story_separator_special_tag algae blooms are being reported throughout the c-44 canal connecting the lake and river , as well as throughout the river from palm city , along the stuart waterfront and nearly to the st. newline_char lucie lock and dam , where discharged lake water enters the river , did n't contain blue-green algae , according to florida department of environmental protection spokeswoman dee ann miller . newline_char ( molly bartels/treasure coast newspapers ) share by tyler treadway of tcpalm algae blooms in the st.
