lated : 'michael jackson got justice , ' fan says occupy l.a. protesters go to courthouse conrad murray trial : who ’ s who in the jury -- victoria kim and harriet ryan photo : a bailiff handcuffs dr. newline_char over four weeks , prosecutors painted murray as a deceptive and incompetent doctor who abandoned his medical judgment in complying with jackson 's request to be given a surgical anesthetic to put him to sleep . newline_char in the 2-1/2-hour tape , murray admitted to giving the singer the propofol -– caving in after jackson repeatedly begged for it , he said -– as well as two other drugs earlier in the day . newline_char steven shafer , a renowned anesthesiologist and propofol expert , said the only plausible scenario was that murray left a large drip of the anesthetic running into jackson 's blood after he was dead . newline_char but the prosecution 's star witness also said levels of the drug found during an autopsy showed murray lied about how much propofol he administered . newline_char murray , michael jackson 's personal physician , was found guilty of involuntary manslaughter for causing the pop icon 's 2009 death by a powerful surgical anesthetic . newline_char conrad murray to jail , just a few minutes after a jury found him guilty in the death of michael jackson . newline_char murray now also faces the probable loss of his medical license . newline_char conrad murray behind his back in court monday . newline_char as pastor was giving his order , a bailiff handcuffed murray behind his back while he was sitting in his seat . story_separator_special_tag conrad murray 'keep away prisoner ' dr. newline_char conrad murray -- keep away prisoner law enforcement tells tmz ... newline_char has been deemed a " keep away inmate " -- which means jail officials will be taking special precautions to keep him safe during his stint behind bars.we 're told murray will be assigned a single cell for his own protection -- and he 'll also be assigned an " escort " to keep an eye on the doc wherever he goes inside the jail ...
