e world has a total of 43 landlocked countries with the largest being kazakhstan . newline_char landlocked countries are safe from invasions by sea . newline_char to access the coastline , landlocked countries are forced to maintain friendly relations with countries with coastlines even when they do not agree . newline_char afghanistan - afghanistan is a south asian landlocked country with an area of 647,500 km² and a population of 29,117,000 people . newline_char zambia - zambia is a landlocked south african country with an area of 752,612 km² bordering 8 countries including zimbabwe , angola , botswana , the democratic republic of congo , namibia , tanzania , mozambique , and malawi . newline_char landlocked countries have many advantages and disadvantages . newline_char transport costs and customs duties become expensive for the landlocked countries . newline_char c.a.r is the tenth largest landlocked country with an area of 752,612 km² . newline_char landlocked countries are relatively sheltered from adverse weather effects caused by oceans such as tsunamis and hurricanes and the ability to monitor goods coming into or leaving the country through the borders . newline_char a landlocked country lacks a coastline or direct access to an ocean or sea . story_separator_special_tag astana is the capital of kazakhstan , the world 's ninth largest country by area . newline_char kazakhstan ’ s glittering capital is already regarded in niche travel circles for its captivating architecture , with the skyline increasingly filling with ambitious , space-age skyscrapers and monuments , including the 150-metre bayterek tower and the palace of peace and reconciliation , designed by acclaimed british architect norman foster . story_separator_special_tag for the kazakhstan government , the expo is the opportunity to put astana on the map and continue to attract tourists from around the world . newline_char the city of astana may be difficult to place on a map , but the capital of kazakhstan is already becoming a hype destination in travelling circles .
