hn mccain john sidney mccainovernight defense : mccain honored in capitol ceremony | mattis extends border deployment | trump to embark on four-country trip after midterms congress gives mccain the highest honor poll : more dems approve of mccain than republicans after his death more ( r-ariz. newline_char pence praised mccain ’ s service during the vietnam war , during which he was captured and tortured after refusing early release . story_separator_special_tag ( photo by john mcdonnell/the washington post via ap , pool ) ( associated press ) washington ( ap ) — americans lined up for blocks outside the u.s. capitol thursday to say goodbye to john mccain as officials , relatives and friends paid their tributes inside to the vietnam hero and longtime senator lying in state under the majestic dome . newline_char " we thank god for giving this country john mccain . newline_char " trump , who has mocked mccain for being captured during the vietnam war , was asked to stay away from the capitol service , people close to the white house and the mccain family said . newline_char a light rain fell as mccain 's casket was carried into the capitol by members of america 's military services . newline_char earlier , vice president mike pence , lawmakers and guests paid tribute at an emotional ceremony surrounding mccain 's casket in the vast rotunda . newline_char " mccain " served his country honorably , " pence said , adding that president donald trump " respected his service to the country . newline_char john mccain , r-ariz. newline_char john mccain , r-ariz. newline_char on saturday , mccain 's procession will pause by the vietnam memorial and head for washington national cathedral for a formal funeral service . newline_char mccain 's funeral puts him back in the spotlight a few miles from trump 's doorstep , in the city where the senator , who died last saturday days short of his 82nd birthday , worked and collected friends and enemies — some in both camps at different times .
