ientists verified the animals were nile crocodiles linked to native populations in south africa , and confirmed the species can survive in florida -- and potentially thrive , said kenneth krysko , herpetology collections manager at the florida museum of natural history on the uf campus . newline_char using dna analysis , university of florida researchers have confirmed the capture of multiple nile crocodiles in the wild . newline_char " nile crocodiles , crocodylus niloticus , were responsible for at least 480 attacks on people and 123 fatalities in africa between 2010 and 2014 . newline_char study scientists note that over the last decade , large groups of nile crocodiles have been imported from south africa and madagascar for display at places like disney  newline_char prior to graduating in 2013 , former uf doctoral student and co-author matthew shirley extensively sampled dna of live nile crocodiles housed in u.s. zoos , including florida . newline_char dna analysis revealed the three similar-size nile crocodiles were genetically identical , suggesting they were introduced via the same source , but krysko said the source has not been confirmed . story_separator_special_tag krysko , who works at uf 's florida museum of natural history , said the captured crocodiles matched genetically , meaning they are related to one another , but did n't match nile crocs kept at disney 's animal kingdom and other licensed florida attractions . newline_char some everglades visitors might not be aware of the differences between crocodiles and alligators , complicating efforts to confirm any remaining crocs . newline_char researchers have confirmed that three nile crocodiles were captured near miami , and they say it 's possible more of the man-eating reptiles are still out there , although no one can say for sure . newline_char " krysko and his co-authors just published a paper showing that dna testing proved the three animals captured in 2009 , 2011 and 2014 are nile crocs , a species whose males grow to over 16 feet long and weigh upward of 1,600 pounds .
