 this 2014 file photo , award-winning concert pianist vadym kholodenko , poses with his wife sofya tsygankova and daughters nika , 4 , and michela , at their home in fort worth , texas . newline_char tsygankova had visited a state mental health facility in fort worth a day before her daughters were found dead , the fort worth star-telegram reported . newline_char the estranged wife of acclaimed concert pianist vadym kholodenko has been ruled mentally incompetent to stand trial for allegedly killing the couple 's two young daughters by smothering them with pillows . newline_char sofya tsygankova has been ordered committed by a texas judge to a state mental health facility for 120 days of treatment with the hope that she will be able to face justice when she regains " a reasonable degree of rational understanding , " court records revealed wednesday . newline_char kholodenko resumed playing concerts a month after his girls were killed . newline_char tsygankova has pleaded not guilty to charges of killing daughters nika , 5 , and michaela , 1 , at their benbrook , texas home . newline_char joyce marshall / ap tsygankova , who is 32 and charged with two counts of capital murder of a person under age 10 , will remain in the tarrant county jail until a bed becomes available at the mental health facility . newline_char "  newline_char i continue to be grateful for those who are sending support from all over the world . story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . newline_char "  newline_char crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . newline_char that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page 's authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
