ridi 's continuing imprisonment and treatment as a criminal will only do further harm to us-pakistani relations , including diminishing congress 's willingness to provide financial assistance to pakistan , " they said . newline_char mccain and levin urged pakistan to pardon and free afridi " immediately . newline_char the united states has provided pakistan with more than $ 18 billion since it joined the war in afghanistan following the september 11 , 2001 attacks , but us officials have persistently worried that some elements of the pakistani establishment have maintained support for extremists . story_separator_special_tag after a review of ties with the united states following the killing of the 24 pakistani soldiers , pakistan 's parliament demanded an end to drone strikes . newline_char u.s. frustrations with pakistan deepened on wednesday after pakistani authorities sentenced a doctor accused of helping the cia find osama bin laden to 33 years in jail on charges of treason . newline_char miranshah , pakistan ( reuters ) - a u.s. drone strike on suspected islamist militants in northwest pakistan killed 10 people on thursday , pakistani intelligence officials said , an attack likely to raise tensions in a standoff with washington over nato supply routes to afghanistan . newline_char attacks by unmanned drone aircraft , which u.s. officials say are highly effective against militants , fuel anti-american sentiment in pakistan because they are seen as violations of sovereignty that inflict civilian casualties . newline_char pakistan has spelt out in no uncertain terms that the drone attacks inside its territory must stop , but washington is not listening , foreign minister hina rabbani khar told reuters in an interview in april . newline_char pakistan closed the routes , which are seen as vital to the planned withdrawal of most foreign troops from afghanistan before the end of 2014 , in protest against last november 's killing of 24 pakistani soldiers in a nato air attack along the afghan border .
