he says she ca n't handle it when he dares to disagree with her.we 're also told nick is incredulous mariah is bitching about his work ethic ... newline_char nick named 5 , but our sources say the one that made mariah insane waswe 're told mariah tore into nick for weeks ... newline_char she went nuclear.our sources say mariah feels nick has abandoned her by taking every gig that 's on the table ... newline_char mariah carey & nick cannon divorce ' a done deal ' separated for months mariah carey & nick cannon : divorce ' a done deal ' -- separated for months exclusive mariah carey and nick cannon separated back in may -- and are living apart ... newline_char she 's especially angry because it keeps him away from their kids.for nick 's part ... newline_char mariah and nick have been living in separate houses in nyc since may . newline_char feeling humiliated and the relationship never recovered.we 're told it went from bad to worse when nick went onand talked about mariah not giving it up before they got hitched . newline_char nick 's appearance on big boy 's radio show in march was the beginning of the end . newline_char nick played big boy 's game -- name the 5 celebs you 've slept with . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag meg ryan and john mellencamp have ended their relationship as quietly as they began it the actress , 52 , and the rocker , 62 , split recently after dating for more than three years , people has confirmed . newline_char meg ryan and john mellencamp split want more stories like this ? newline_char but indiana native mellencamp had expressed his unhappiness at calling new york city home . newline_char " the pair – who were last spotted together in may – became an item in late 2010 , shortly after mellencamp 's split from wife elaine after 18 years of marriage.they kept a low profile during the past three years , stepping out together for the occasional industry event and being spotted now and again on the streets of new york .
