shington—the senate passed sweeping revisions to the u.s. tax code past midnight saturday after republicans navigated a thicket of internal divisions over deficits and other issues to place their imprint on the economy . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag ” president donald trump praised mcconnell and senate finance chairman orrin hatch in a tweet after the bill passed , adding , “ we are one step closer to delivering massive tax cuts for working families across america. newline_char bob corker of tennessee was the only republican to oppose the measure , in what ’ s also a big victory for senate majority leader mitch mcconnell ( r-ky. newline_char the senate narrowly passed a massive tax overhaul early saturday morning , putting republicans on the cusp of revamping the u.s. tax system for the first time in more than three decades . newline_char the 51 to 49 vote came after senate republicans frantically rewrote the multi-trillion dollar legislation behind closed doors to win over several final holdouts , and left congressional republicans just a few steps away from sending legislation to president donald trump ’ s desk . newline_char senate majority leader senator mitch mcconnell walks to the senate floor on capitol hill on dec. story_separator_special_tag . ( associated press ) washington ( ap ) — republicans pushed a nearly $ 1.5 trillion tax bill through the senate early saturday after a burst of eleventh-hour horse trading , as a party starved all year for a major legislative triumph took a giant step toward giving president donald trump one of his top priorities by christmas . newline_char presiding over the senate , vice president mike pence announced the 51-49 vote to applause from republicans . newline_char senate majority leader mitch mcconnell , r-ky. newline_char " senate majority leader mitch mcconnell , r-ky. newline_char , walks from the chamber to his office as the gop overhaul of the tax bill nears a vote , on capitol hill in washington , friday , dec.
