lulemon said it was pulling its popular black yoga pants from stores after some of them were found to be overly sheer . newline_char " all the pants were manufactured according to the requirements set out in the contract with lululemon . newline_char " all the pants were manufactured according to the requirements set out in the contract with lululemon . story_separator_special_tag did eclat make a bad batch of $ 100 yoga pants , or did lululemon just design transparent $ 100 yoga pants and milk the market for as long as it could ? newline_char it 's pretty obvious that the supplier gains nothing by saddling the blame , however the perhaps unexpected media circus that gathered around this see-through yoga pants scandal highlighted a number of questionable incidents in recent lululemon history . newline_char after customers complained that a batch of the company 's signature yoga pants were too transparent , lululemon tried to make a scapegoat out of the taiwanese company that manufactures the pants . newline_char " all the pants were manufactured according to the requirements set out in the contract with lululemon . newline_char but at this point , this particular incident really is a frustrating finger-pointing match that 's left lululemon out about $ 20 million in lost sales and a whole lot yogis out of high-priced pants . newline_char " all the pants were manufactured according to the requirements set out in the contract with lululemon . newline_char along these lines , other analysts suggested that lululemon needs to spend more time in taiwan to make sure the manufacturers ' work is up to snuff . newline_char the eclat textile company , whose clients include everyone from gap to under armour , said tuesday that lululemon had signed off on the shipment , suggesting that lululemon made the whole thing up . newline_char when lo talked to the press , he said that lululemon had n't contacted his company about the recall — which is kind of weird since lululemon effectively blamed eclat for screwing up the " level of sheerness " during the manufacturing process .
