associated press ) marrakech , morocco ( ap ) — a united nations accord , the " global compact on migration , " adopted monday by 164 u.n. members , but not the united states , aims to improve the treatment of migrants worldwide . newline_char top u.n. officials and government leaders from about 150 countries are uniting around an agreement on migration , while finding themselves on the defensive about the non-binding deal ... newline_char " and most migration is " south-south " — between countries in the southern hemisphere — not among people seeking to reach richer northern countries . newline_char top u.n. officials and government leaders from about 150 countries are uniting around an agreement on migration , while finding themselves on the defensive about the non-binding deal ... story_separator_special_tag defenders say migration greases the wheels of the world economy by diversifying and rejuvenating workforce in aging rich countries and providing a needed source of cash to poorer countries through remittances sent home by migrants . newline_char " migration affects hundreds of millions of people across the globe — farmers coming off the land or forced by climate change to head to cities , families fleeing war or persecution at home , impoverished workers from the developing world looking for jobs in rich countries . newline_char ( associated press ) marrakech , morocco ( ap ) — defying fierce opposition from the united states and a few other nations , nearly 85 percent of the countries at the u.n. agreed monday on a sweeping yet non-binding accord to ensure safe , orderly and humane migration . newline_char top u.n. officials and government leaders from about 150 countries are uniting around an agreement on migration , while finding themselves on the defensive about the non-binding deal ... newline_char top u.n. officials and government leaders from about 150 countries are uniting around an agreement on migration , while finding themselves on the defensive about the non-binding deal ...
