useholds quantifies the number : roughly 40 % of people 45 and over who were not yet retired have pushed back their retirement plans . newline_char also read : america ’ s best companies to work for among those aged 55 to 64 who had not yet retired , only 18 % plan to follow the traditional retirement model of working full time until a set date and then stop working altogether . newline_char it is of no surprise that the great recession had an impact on the retirement plans of many americans . newline_char the age breakdown is where the data gets skewed : some 41 % of adults aged 45 and over now plan to retire at a later date than they had before 2008 , and only 5 % who gave at least some thought to retirement now plan to retire sooner than they had prior to 2008 . story_separator_special_tag about 41 percent of people ages 18 to 29 said they never thought about retirement planning , a number that understandably declined to 20 percent for people above the age of 60 . newline_char that included 19 percent of people between the ages of 55 and 64 , or those closest to retirement age . newline_char overall , 31 percent of people said they have zero money saved for retirement and do not have a pension . newline_char many respondents , particularly those with limited incomes , indicated that they simply have few or no financial resources available for retirement . newline_char for many people , particularly those working part time or earning low wages , the biggest obstacle to a steady retirement savings plan is access . newline_char the study offered a stark reminder that as more americans are made responsible for their own retirement , most are not saving nearly enough . newline_char about three-fourths of private sector workers with full-time jobs have access to a retirement plan , but that number drops to 37 percent for part-time workers , according to the bureau of labor statistics . story_separator_special_tag americans ' biggest financial concerns centered on three issues , the fed found : retirement , education and jobs .
