mp change uniform policy to allow muslim women mounties to wear hijab . newline_char muslim women serving with the royal canadian mounted police , rcmp , have been given dispensation to wear a hijab while on duty . newline_char “ this is intended to better reflect the diversity in our communities and encourage more muslim women to consider the royal canadian mounted police as a career option. newline_char there have been roughly 30 recent cases of rcmp officers asking for some relaxation in the uniform rules , mostly men asking to wear beards again in accordance with religious tradition . newline_char ” the rcmp is hardly the first to alter its stance with regard to head scarves for muslim women . newline_char “ the commissioner of the royal canadian mounted police ( rcmp ) recently approved this addition to the uniform , ” scott bardsley said. story_separator_special_tag the hijab has become an optional part of the police scotland uniform as the force works to encourage muslim women to join the service . story_separator_special_tag toronto ( ap ) — canada 's national police force recently permitted its women officers to wear the hijab . newline_char the commissioner of the royal canadian mounted police recently approved the change in policy , allowing muslim women to wear the garment , a veil that covers the head and chest , public safety minister ralph goodale 's spokesman said wednesday . newline_char scott bardsley said it is intended to better reflect the diversity of canada and to encourage more muslim women to consider a career with the force . newline_char she said offering female muslim officers the choice to wear it reflects the diversity of the force 's workforce . newline_char it 's unclear how many muslim officers the mounties have . newline_char the change in canada is in contrast to france , where at least a dozen towns have banned body-covering burkini swimwear favored by some muslim women , the latest skirmish in a long-running duel between some members of france 's large muslim population and the secular establishment .
