wmakers passed a measure requiring the military to test soldiers ' brain function before they deployed and again when they returned . newline_char the army has so little confidence in the test that its top medical officer issued an explicit order that soldiers whose scores indicated cognitive problems should not be sent for further medical evaluation . newline_char the test was supposed to ensure that soldiers received proper treatment . newline_char four years later , more than a million troops have taken the test at a cost of more than $ 42 million to taxpayers , yet the military still has no reliable way to catch brain injuries . newline_char top pentagon officials have misrepresented the cost of the test , indicating that because the army invented the anam , the military could use it for free . newline_char compounding flaws in the anam 's design , the military has not administered the test as recommended and has rarely used its results . newline_char instead , an investigation by propublica and npr has found , the testing program has failed to deliver on its promise , offering soldiers the appearance of help , but not the reality . story_separator_special_tag military 's brain-testing program a debacle the u.s. military has spent more than $ 42 million to test every service member 's brain to find out who suffered a traumatic brain injury , or tbi , during the iraq and afghanistan wars . newline_char from interviews with dozens of medical specialists and an analysis of hundreds of pages of military emails and documents , evidence shows that military officials have made poor decisions about the testing program , preventing it from helping many troops who have brain injuries . newline_char when members of congress told the military to test all the troops to see how well their brains work , congress was giving an order that 's newline_char but an investigation by npr and propublica has found that military leaders are refusing to carry out the testing program as congress ordered .
