tory_separator_special_tag video transcript as paralympic star oscar pistorius awaits a bail hearing here in south africa , his agent says fans across the world are rallying behind the athlete . newline_char " pistorius is facing charges or murdering girlfriend reeva steenkamp , who was found dead at the athlete 's home last week . newline_char soundbite : ( english ) pistorius ' agent peet van zyl , saying : " i can tell you that we have had overwhelming support from oscar from a lot of fans on a global scale , really on a global scale . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag ( associated press ) olympic athlete oscar pistorius leaves the boschkop police station , east of pretoria , south africa , thursday , feb. newline_char ( associated press ) peet van zyl , managing agent for olympian athlete oscar pistorius , talks to the press outside the brooklyn police station in pretoria , south africa , sunday , feb. newline_char oscar pistorius ' agent has canceled all future track races so the double-amputee olympian can focus on the murder charge against him , underscoring the possibility the disabled sports icon might never again run competitively on his famous carbon fiber blades . newline_char 5 , 2012 file photo , south africa 's oscar pistorius starts in the men 's 400-meter semifinal during the athletics in the olympic stadium at the 2012 summer olympics in london . newline_char kenny oldwage , lawyer for oscar pistorius , foreground , and carl pistorius , brother of oscar pistorius arrive at the brooklyn police station in pretoria , south africa , sunday , feb. story_separator_special_tag the best friend of oscar pistorius told yesterday how the paralympic hero called him moments after his girlfriend was shot and later sobbed : “ my baba , i ’ ve killed my baba . newline_char ” businessman justin divaris , who introduced model reeva steenkamp to the london 2012 double gold winner , said pistorius phoned him first instead of emergency services , the sunday people can report .
