e team also analyzed their findings by race ; they explain that previous studies have demonstrated higher levels of closeness between older mothers and adult children in black families . newline_char adult children who felt they were emotionally closer to their mother than their siblings were more likely to show signs of depression . newline_char adult children who felt they were emotionally closer to their mother than their siblings were more likely to show signs of depression . newline_char the study involved 725 adult children from 309 families who were a part of the within-family differences study - a longitudinal project that aims to gain a better understanding of the relationship between parents and their adult children . newline_char mothers in each family were aged between 65-75 in 2001 when the study began , and data on children 's perceptions of favoritism and disfavoritism from mothers were assessed 7 years apart . newline_char " what we found suggests that the black offspring were particularly distressed when they , as opposed to their siblings , were the children in whom mothers were most disappointed , " says suitor . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag the researchers collected data from 725 adult children ( average age of 49 ) within 309 families in which mothers were between the ages of 65 and 75 when the project began . newline_char “ adult children who reported that they were most emotionally close to their mothers also reported higher depressive symptoms , ” wrote the authors of the new study . newline_char the researchers analyzed the adult children and their relationships with their mothers , looking in particular at four dimensions of favoritism/disfavoritism : emotional closeness , conflict , pride , and disappointment . story_separator_special_tag using data from a study in which mothers reported on all adult children , we addressed the question : do patterns of maternal favoritism moderate the impact of children 's problems on psychological well-being ?
