ough martinsen and schall are quick to note that they anticipate little danger to people from this newly discovered deer malaria , it does underline the fact that many human health concerns are connected to wider ecological systems -- and that understanding the biology of other species is a foundation to both conservation and public health management . newline_char by chance , she had discovered a malaria parasite , plasmodium odocoilei -- that infects white-tailed deer . newline_char it 's the first-ever malaria parasite known to live in a deer species and the only native malaria parasite found in any mammal in north or south america . newline_char martinsen and her colleagues estimate that the parasite infects up to twenty-five percent of white-tailed deer along the east coast of the united states . newline_char but now martinsen and her colleagues have discovered that the deer malaria is widespread -- though it 's " cryptic " she says , because the parasites occur in very low levels in many of the infected deer . newline_char two years ago , ellen martinsen , was collecting mosquitoes at the smithsonian 's national zoo , looking for malaria that might infect birds -- when she discovered something strange : a dna profile , from parasites in the mosquitoes , that she could n't identify . story_separator_special_tag north america ’ s most popular game species , the white-tailed deer , harbors a secret : low levels of a malaria parasite that have only now been detected thanks to advanced dna technology . newline_char the study marks the first finding of a malaria parasite species of mammals that is native to the americas . newline_char though this particular species of parasite poses little risk to humans , researchers say the find could reshape our understanding of malaria ’ s origins . newline_char using polymerase chain reaction ( pcr ) technology , which amplifies dna to make it easier to study , they identified a genetic signature of an unexpected malaria parasite , plasmodium odocoilei , previously unknown in the americas .
