sko , 27 , for posting addresses and private information of senators , according to the police department . newline_char the department reported that it arrested cosko for allegedly posting “ private , identifying information ( doxing ) about one or more united states senators to the internet. newline_char cosko graduated from the george washington university in 2014 and previously worked for hassan and california democratic sen. newline_char ) staffer , cosko made an unauthorized entry into her capitol hill office on tuesday evening which led to his arrest , the person familiar with the matter said . story_separator_special_tag u.s. capitol police announced late wednesday that a former junior senate democratic staffer has been arrested for allegedly posting private information about republican senators on the wikipedia internet website . newline_char a brief police statement did not give details , but a u.s. official said the arrest was tied to the investigation into the posting of personal information about republican senators on the wikipedia site as they held a hearing sept. newline_char ” the information posted purportedly included phone numbers and home addresses for three republican members of the senate judiciary committee at the hearing : sen. story_separator_special_tag lindsey graham , mike lee and orrin hatch were posted by an unknown person located in the house of representatives on thursday during the hearing of supreme court nominee judge brett kavanaugh . newline_char lindsey graham 's kavanaugh moment earns conservative praise “ it ’ s shocking that someone would post senator hatch and other judiciary committee republican ’ s home addresses online , putting their families at risk , ” hatch ’ s spokesman , matt whitlock told the washington post . newline_char the information , which supposedly included home addresses and phone numbers , was posted - or doxxed - on the senators ’ respective wikipedia pages , where users are allowed to update the information at any time .
