ese crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . newline_char crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . newline_char that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page 's authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web . story_separator_special_tag early sunday morning , a 1996 nissan maxima belonging to another missing man , tom meo , 21 , was found less than a mile from the farm , at another property owned by the dinardo family , according to court records . newline_char dinardo ’ s possible role in their disappearance early on in the search , and mr. newline_char the farm in solebury township is owned by his parents , anthony and sandra dinardo . newline_char on saturday , the police tracked a signal from the cellphone belonging to mr. newline_char responding to reports that the parents were summoned to a grand jury hearing , mr. newline_char the police started to closely examine mr. newline_char shortly before 8 p.m. last friday , a license plate reader on a solebury township police car captured the license plate of a silver ford truck , which mr. newline_char that location is about two miles from where mr. newline_char on thursday , mr. newline_char two seconds later , the license plate reader registered mr. newline_char his home in bensalem township , about 30 miles from the farm , was searched on monday , the same day he was arrested on a previously dismissed weapons charge . newline_char dinardo later told the police he was driving that night . newline_char , and had just completed his freshman year studying business on a scholarship at loyola university , md . newline_char a nissan sedan owned by mark sturgis , 22 , was also found sunday morning , at an outdoor shopping center down the road from the farm .
