dated : 5:15 p.m. senate republican leaders have sent letters warning six professional sports leagues not to provide the obama administration any assistance in promoting obamacare . newline_char meanwhile , house republican study committee chairman steve scalise ( r-la ) sent letters dated thursday to nfl commissioner roger goodell and nba commissioner david stern seeking answers to three questions about what hhs has asked of them with regard to “ promotion or implementation ” of obamacare . newline_char asked about the suggestion in the letters that the administration may be threatening or pressuring the nfl , mccarthy responded , “ not correct . newline_char the letter also suggests the obama administration could be threatening the pro sports leagues to extract support for obamacare : we have long been concerned by the obama administration ’ s record of using the threat of policy retaliation to solicit support for its policies or to silence its critics . newline_char “ we have responded to the letters we received from members of congress to inform them we currently have no plans to engage in this area and have had no substantive contact with the administration about ppaca ’ s implementation , ” mccarthy said in an email . newline_char the letters come days after health and human services secretary kathleen sebelius said she ’ s spoken with the nfl about potentially partnering to let people know the benefits of the affordable care act ahead of the implementation of its major components . newline_char ” mcconnell cornyn letter to nfl obamacare  newline_char see the next to the last graf of the letter which says ‘ should the administration , ’ etc. newline_char ” late update : nfl spokesman brian mccarthy told tpm the league has “ no plans ” to engage on obamacare . newline_char “ please feel free to reach out to me if you have any questions or if you ’ re uncomfortable responding in writing due to concerns about inappropriate or unwelcomed pressure from the administration to cooperate with the implementation of [ obamacare ] . story_separator_special_tag 
