photo : allen s.kramer tch ) houston -- conjoined twins will be separated in a delicate and risky surgical procedure later this year at texas children 's hospital . newline_char texas children 's hospital released photos tuesday of conjoined twins that a team of doctors will work to separate . story_separator_special_tag now at 9 months old , doctors are prepping the girls for seperation surgery . newline_char lastly as the girls surgery is coming up , it is now time for the family to start preparing to bring the girls home . story_separator_special_tag more : hope , faith strong for conjoined twins at texas children 's hospital " this surgery was not without its challenges with the girls sharing several organ systems . newline_char after only 10 months of living conjoined , a team of doctors at texas children 's hospital successfully separated the girls during a 26-hour surgery feb. newline_char ( photo : allen s.kramer / texas children 's hospital ) houston – elysse mata still remembers the day a doctor told her she was pregnant with conjoined twins . newline_char conjoined twins knatalye hope and adeline faith were successfully separated during surgery feb. newline_char it was n't long after—12 weeks later on april 11 , to be exact—that mata gave birth to knatalye hope and adeline faith mata , twin girls joined at the chest and abdomen . story_separator_special_tag 23 , 2015 ) – knatalye hope and adeline faith mata , conjoined twin girls born at texas children ’ s pavilion for women in april 2014 , underwent a successful separation surgery on feb. newline_char “ this surgery was not without its challenges with the girls sharing several organ systems . newline_char “ this is the first time a separation surgery for thoraco-omphalo-ischiopagus twins with this particular configuration has been successful , ” said dr. newline_char darrell cass , pediatric surgeon , co-director of texas children 's fetal center and associate professor of surgery , pediatrics and obstetrics and gynecology at baylor college of medicine .
