age copyright reuters image caption some 20,000 people died during croatia 's war of independence the international court of justice has rejected claims of genocide by serbia and croatia against each other during the croatian war of secession from yugoslavia . newline_char the croatian government had alleged that serbia committed genocide in the town of vukovar and elsewhere in 1991 . newline_char both croatia and serbia may have been cleared of genocide , but the icj said that both sides had deliberately forced minority ethnic groups out of areas they controlled . newline_char media playback is unsupported on your device media caption anna holligan explains the background to the cases heard at the icj " what is generally called ethnic cleansing does not constitute genocide , " judge tomka said in his ruling against  newline_char " media playback is unsupported on your device media caption judge peter tomka delivers his verdict croatia filed its initial case with the international court of justice - the top un court - in 1999 , accusing serbs , led by president slobodan milosevic , of targeting ethnic croats during the conflict . story_separator_special_tag euters/jerry lampen the hague the united nations ' highest court will rule on tuesday on genocide cases filed by serbia and croatia over atrocities allegedly committed during the violent breakup of yugoslavia in the 1990s . newline_char many experts believe tuesday 's ruling is unlikely to find croatia or serbia liable for genocide if no individuals from either country have been convicted of the crime . newline_char in turn , serbia accuses croatia of genocide over the expulsion of serbs from krajina . newline_char despite widespread atrocities against all sides , no court has ruled that ethnic croats or serbs were victims of genocide . newline_char in an earlier ruling from 2007 in a case brought by bosnia , the same court found that serbia was not responsible for genocide , but that it had breached the genocide convention by failing to prevent the massacre in srebrenica . newline_char croatia alleges that serbia 's destruction of towns and expulsion of ethnic croats in slavonia amounted to genocide .
