tory_separator_special_tag fraternity members are responsible for participating in educational programs on alcohol , sexual assault , and maintaining a safe environment . newline_char the fraternity had a student organization hearing on october 31 related to charges of the unauthorized party , serving alcohol to minors , and creating an unsafe environment that resulted in an incident of non-consensual sexual contact . newline_char [ brown university ] — in a letter emailed today to all members of the campus community , senior officers of brown university announced sanctions to be imposed on two fraternities responsible for holding unregistered parties last fall , creating environments that facilitated sexual misconduct . newline_char in both cases , no individual member of either fraternity was charged with sexual misconduct . newline_char one student reported an incident of non-consensual sexual contact that did not happen within the fraternity ’ s facility nor did it involve a member of the fraternity , but its occurrence was a result of the student ’ s incapacitation . newline_char student organization incidents from fall 2014 on october 3 , 2014 , sigma chi , a fraternity in olney house , hosted an unregistered party in the basement of their residence . newline_char these student organizations were found responsible for creating an environment that facilitated sexual misconduct through improperly monitored spaces and inadequate safeguards surrounding the service of alcohol . newline_char no individual member of either fraternity was charged with sexual misconduct . newline_char all brown community members need to be involved in preventing sexual violence , and all student organizations are expected to ensure that adequate security measures are in place to promote safe events and activities . newline_char “ all brown community members need to be involved in preventing sexual violence , and all student organizations are expected to ensure that adequate security measures are in place to promote safe events and activities.
