rwell told nbc 's " meet the press " that 100,000 people had submitted new applications this weekend via the federal website serving 37 states . newline_char health and human services secretary sylvia burwell smiles while answering a reporters question following her tour of the greater prince william community health center , evergreen terrace site , in manassas , ... newline_char ( associated press ) health and human services secretary sylvia burwell gestures while answering a reporters question following her tour of the greater prince william community health center , evergreen terrace site , in manassas , ... newline_char because of political opposition and technical issues , the federal government is running the health insurance exchange in most states . newline_char about 7 million people are signed up , and burwell expects to grow that by 2 million more or so . newline_char burwell also said that a half-million people who already have coverage through the program were able to log into their accounts this time . newline_char burwell said call centers have taken 100,000 calls , another indication of consumer interest . newline_char washington ( ap ) — as a crucial second sign-up season gears up , the obama administration said sunday that healthcare.gov is stable and working well , a far cry from last year 's frozen computer screens and frustrated customers . story_separator_special_tag getty burwell : 100,000 new obamacare applications secretary of health and human services sylvia mathews burwell said on sunday 100,000 people submitted new applications for obamacare in the first days of the second open enrollment period . newline_char speaking on nbc ’ s “ meet the press , ” burwell offered an update to the numbers provided saturday when she said 23,000 applied in the first eight hours of the new open enrollment period . newline_char story continued below in addition to new applicants , 500,000 customers were able to log on to healthcare.gov , and 1 million people have gone “ window shopping ” to compare insurance plans and prices over the past week .
