searchers explained that when job candidates were judged more competent , thoughtful and intelligent in sound than on paper . newline_char work on your voice to get your dream job . newline_char furthermore , findings were replicated in an experiment involving professional recruiters , academics who recruited candidates from the university of chicago booth school of business . newline_char new research from the university of chicago suggests that , in some cases , a person 's voice could actually be more important than his or her resume and experience . story_separator_special_tag a new study by university of chicago booth school of business professor nicholas epley and ph.d. candidate juliana schroeder found that when hypothetical employers and professional recruiters listened to or read job candidates ' job qualifications , they rated the candidates as more competent , thoughtful and intelligent when they heard the pitch than when they read it—even when the words used were exactly the same . newline_char however , the addition of video did not influence evaluations beyond hearing the candidate 's voice , the researchers note . newline_char in a series of experiments , the researchers asked a group of chicago booth mba student job candidates to develop a short pitch to the company for which they would most like to work . newline_char even professional recruiters ( who recruit candidates from chicago booth ) were more likely to hire the candidates whose pitches they could hear than those whose pitches they read . newline_char in another experiment , the evaluators who listened to trained actors reading job candidates ' written pitches out loud believed those candidates were more intelligent and wanted to hire them more than the evaluators who read candidates ' own written pitches . newline_char titled " the sound of intellect : speech reveals a thoughtful mind , increasing a job candidate 's appeal , " the study will be published in an upcoming issue of the journal of psychological science , the highest ranked empirical journal in the field of psychology .
