ller hits : 1763 facing fixed-mount solar panels west instead of south could produce more electricity during peak demand according to a new study from pecan street research , which debunks the conventional wisdom that solar panels should always face south when installed on homes in the northern hemisphere . newline_char austin homes with west-facing solar panels produced 2 percent more electricity during the course of a normal day than homeowners with south-facing panels . newline_char it also means homeowners might be more inclined to install west-facing solar panels - even if they do have a south-facing roof -especially if their utility offers pricing differentiation between peak demand hours and off-peak hours . newline_char homeowners with south-facing solar panels reduced their peak energy usage by 54 percent , while those with west-facing panels cut their power draws by 65 percent . newline_char while advanced modeling and research used by installers suggest homeowners could lose up to 30 percent of their energy production by facing solar panels west instead of south , the pecan street study found otherwise . story_separator_special_tag so homeowners with panels facing in that direction are optimizing their solar power generation at precisely the time that their own usage surges , and when the utility company needs the most help coping with demand . newline_char ” ) the study found that west-facing solar systems reduced the amount of electricity that homeowners needed to draw from the grid during summer peak demand by 65 percent . newline_char it analyzed 50 homes in the austin area , looking not just at the amount of electricity generated by the panels , but at the impact on homeowners ’ electricity use and the utility grid during periods of summer peak electrical demand , which generally occur between 3 p.m. and 7 p.m. story_separator_special_tag researchers at the pecan street research institute did a study of homes with solar panels in austin , texas and found that when homeowners faced solar panels west they were able to generate 2 % more electricity in a day .
