though bedrijo was a minor at the time of her crimes and a year or two older than the victims , hanford police detective richard pontecorvo accused her of manipulating young girls ' minds . newline_char july 4 ( upi ) -- a court in california sentenced a woman arrested for human trafficking at the age of 16 to 13 years in prison for organizing a prostitution ring of 14- and 15-year-old girls , court records indicate . story_separator_special_tag almario ’ s scheme , which last a few weeks , involved posting pictures of the younger girls on different websites for prostitution , then taking the girls to motels off highway 99 in tulare county , said hanford police detective richard pontecorvo . newline_char an 18-year-old hanford woman was sentenced to 13 years in prison for her role in the pimping and human trafficking of younger girls . newline_char richard pontecorvo , hanford police detective “ these girls would run away for weekends or work a couple of nights , ” he said . newline_char almario found the girls through friends or acquaintances and social media . newline_char the ring involved four girls between the ages of 14-and-15-years-old , pontecorvo said . newline_char though a juvenile , she was tried as an adult for human trafficking , sending threatening emails to a family member of at least one of the girls and making terrorist threats . story_separator_special_tag almario would post pictures of the girls on different websites for prostitution and then take them to motels to have sex , pontecorvo said . newline_char hanford police detective richard pontecorvo said almario was the prime suspect in a pimping ring that involved girls who were 14 and 15 . newline_char -- an 18-year-old central california woman was sentenced to 13 years in prison for pimping and trafficking younger girls . newline_char though a juvenile , she was tried as an adult for human trafficking , sending threatening emails to a family member of at least one of the girls and making terrorist threats .
