man carrying anti-government material and an assault rifle shot his way through security at los angeles international airport on friday , killing a transportation security administration worker and wounding two others — after sending a suicidal text message to his family , authorities said . newline_char nbc news paul anthony ciancia the gunman who sent travelers diving for cover and fleeing onto the tarmac — identified by authorities as 23-year-old los angeles resident paul anthony ciancia — was shot in the chest by law enforcement and taken into custody in critical condition . newline_char federal officials told nbc news it was unclear whether the gunman was targeting the tsa or was trying to shoot his way farther into the airport . story_separator_special_tag ( associated press ) a police officer directs traffic at the los angeles international airport on friday nov. newline_char ( associated press ) a police officer closes a road at the los angeles international airport on friday nov. newline_char shots were fired friday at los angeles international airport , prompting authorities ... newline_char shots were fired friday at los angeles international airport , ... newline_char a suspected gunman was in custody friday following a shooting at los angeles airport that left ... story_separator_special_tag a law enforcement official speaking on condition of anonymity identified paul ciancia as the man who pulled a semi-automatic rifle from a bag and shot his way past a security checkpoint at the airport , killing a security officer and wounding two other people . newline_char the young man believed to have carried out a shooting at los angeles international airport had sent a sibling a text message mentioning suicide , leading their father to seek authorities ' help in finding him , a new jersey police chief said friday . newline_char the official who identified ciancia was briefed at the airport on the investigation and requested anonymity because was he was not authorized to speak publicly .
