sseldorf , germany ( cnn ) analysis of a tablet device belonging to germanwings flight 9525 co-pilot andreas lubitz shows he researched suicide methods on the internet in the days leading up to the crash , a german prosecutor said thursday . newline_char second 'black box ' found as authorities try to figure out what was on lubitz 's electronic devices , they got another big break about what was happening inside airbus 320 that went down -- its flight data recorder . newline_char dusseldorf prosecutor christoph kumpa said that on one day lubitz also " searched for several minutes with search terms relating to cockpit doors and their security measures . newline_char lubitz is suspected of deliberately bringing down germanwings flight 9525 in the french alps on march 24 , killing all 150 on board . newline_char but prosecutor brice robin noted that lubitz made voluntary actions -- such as guiding the plane toward the mountain and reducing its speed to prevent alarms from going off -- and was " alive and conscious " to the very end . newline_char " police analysis of the correspondence and search history on the device , retrieved from lubitz 's dusseldorf apartment , demonstrated that the co-pilot used it from march 16 to march 23 , kumpa said . story_separator_special_tag investigators believe co-pilot andreas lubitz intentionally crashed the germanwings a320 ... newline_char ( associated press ) berlin ( ap ) — german prosecutors say the co-pilot of germanwings flight 9525 appears to have researched suicide methods and cockpit door security in the days before the plane crashed last week . newline_char investigators believe the 27-year-old lubitz locked his captain out of the a320 's cockpit on march 24 and deliberately crashed the plane . newline_char duesseldorf prosecutors said thursday investigators found a tablet computer at andreas lubitz 's apartment . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag the discovery of the second black box , the flight data recorder , should enable the authorities to determine more precisely what actions mr.
