rth korean soldiers attend military drills in this picture released by the north 's official kcna news agency in pyongyang march 20 , 2013 . newline_char an official at the unification ministry , which handles ties with the north and monitors north korea 's news broadcasts , confirmed air raid warning on thursday morning . story_separator_special_tag , an analyst says pyongyang has expressed anger that the u.s. is flying b-52s over south korea the flights are part of annual military exercises tensions on the korean peninsula have flared since the north 's latest nuclear test the north korean military issued a fresh burst of ominous rhetoric thursday , warning that u.s. bases in guam and japan are within its " striking range . newline_char angry words after new sanctions tensions have spiked in the region since north korea carried out its latest underground nuclear test last month , the first under its new young leader kim jong un , prompting the united nations security council to respond by toughening sanctions on the secretive regime . newline_char the military first strategy since kim took over from his father as the head of the north korean government in late 2011 , he appears to have maintained the pursuit of a stronger military deterrent rather than adopting a more conciliatory approach to relations with south korea and the united states . newline_char korea threatens u.s. military bases 03:31 just watched north korean video targets white house replay more videos ... newline_char citing what it called the united states ' " nuclear blackmail and threat , " the north said it that it , too , would " take corresponding military actions . newline_char must watch north korean video targets white house 01:53 just watched rodman reveals north korea secrets replay more videos ... newline_char must watch rodman reveals north korea secrets 02:05 just watched lawmaker : kim jong un is immature replay more videos ... newline_char korea threatens u.s. military bases replay more videos ...
