rack obama has ordered his senior national security and intelligence officials to draw up a list of potential overseas targets for us cyber-attacks , a top secret presidential directive obtained by the guardian reveals . newline_char obama 's move to establish a potentially aggressive  newline_char the 18-page presidential policy directive 20 , issued in october last year but never published , states that what it calls offensive cyber effects operations ( oceo ) " can offer unique and unconventional capabilities to advance us national objectives around the world with little or no warning to the adversary or target and with potential effects ranging from subtle to severely damaging " . story_separator_special_tag caitlin hayden , spokeswoman for the national security council , said friday a directive signed by president barack obama last year calls for government cyber tools to be " integrated with the full array of national security tools we have at our disposal . newline_char " hayden was responding a report in the british newspaper the guardian that says obama has ordered national security and intelligence officials to draw up a list of potential cyber targets overseas . newline_char the guardian report comes as obama was about to meet with chinese president xi jinping , with alleged chinese hacking against the u.s. to be one of the main topics of discussion . story_separator_special_tag president barack obama and china 's new leader , xi jinping , made broad commitments friday to work together on cybersecurity and to improve military-to-military relations as the two leaders wound up a first round of talks during an informal summit at the sunnylands estate in rancho mirage , california . newline_char enlarge image close agence france-presse/getty images chinese president xi jinping and president barack obama shake hands at the annenberg retreat , calif. newline_char obama said they would have " more extensive discussions " during a private dinner friday night . story_separator_special_tag annenberg ’ s death and four years after his wife ’ s , president obama begins to realize the couple ’ s dream by welcoming president xi jinping of china at sunnylands on friday .
