e plaintiffs in the suit are the former players dan lacouture , 36 ; dan keczmer , 45 ; jack carlson , 59 ; richard brennan , 41 ; brad maxwell , 56 ; michael peluso , 48 ; tom younghans , 61 ; allan rourke , 34 ; and scott bailey , 41 . newline_char photo advertisement continue reading the main story nine former professional hockey players have filed a lawsuit against the n.h.l . newline_char the complaint is more graphic than other suits brought by former hockey players , highlighting the role of enforcers in the n.h.l . newline_char has subjected and continues to subject its players to the imminent risk of head trauma and , as a result , devastating and long-term negative health consequences , ” the lawsuit said . story_separator_special_tag nine former players filed a class action lawsuit against the nhl on thursday , alleging that the league subjected players to " the imminent risk of head trauma " leading to long-term negative health consequences . newline_char " the nhl has failed to institute policies and protocols that could have and will protect its players from suffering or exacerbating head trauma sustained during practice or in games , " read the complaint . newline_char " the suit also claims the nhl concealed material scientific and anecdotal information from players . newline_char the latest complaint alleges that , " the nhl has failed and continues to fail to warn its players of these risks and consequences of head trauma . story_separator_special_tag ’ s deputy commissioner , said in a statement : “ while the subject matter is very serious , we are completely satisfied with the responsible manner in which the league and the players association have managed player safety over time , including with respect to head injuries and concussions . newline_char “ knew or should have been aware ” of the effects of head hits but “ took no remedial action to prevent its players from unnecessary harm ” until 1997 , when the league created a program to research and study brain injuries .
