itish airways ' chief executive is " profusely " sorry for an it meltdown he revealed has disrupted 75,000 passengers ' flights . story_separator_special_tag alex cruz , the chief executive of british airways , has apologised “ profusely ” to passengers caught up in the travel chaos at the weekend that grounded flights at heathrow and gatwick , but denied the disruption had anything to do with cost-cutting in the business . newline_char ” he added that no ba passengers ’ data had been compromised in the it meltdown and said there was no evidence it was the result of a cyber attack , promising not to allow such an outage to happen again . story_separator_special_tag ba chief executive alex cruz said that the airline was running a " near-full operation " at london 's gatwick airport and planned to operate all scheduled long-haul services from heathrow . newline_char ( associated press ) in this image taken from the twitter feed of emily puddifer , a view of terminal 5 departure lounge , at london 's heathrow airport after flights were canceled due to the airport suffering an it systems failure , saturday , may 27 , 2017 . story_separator_special_tag ba customers are facing a third day of travel disruption because of a breakdown in the airline 's computer system . story_separator_special_tag heathrow advised affected ba passengers not to travel to the airport unless their flights had been rebooked , or were scheduled to take off today . newline_char image copyright getty images british airways is working to restore its computer systems after a power failure caused major disruption for thousands of passengers worldwide . newline_char passengers on cancelled flights have been told to use the ba website to rebook . newline_char the airline is " closer to full operational capacity " after an it power cut resulted in mass flight cancellations at heathrow and gatwick . newline_char cancellations and delays affected thousands of passengers at both heathrow and gatwick on saturday .
