e new rule will require retirement advisers to act in their clients ’ interests the department of labor developed the new standards over the past few years , as part of a larger regulatory effort to reduce risk for middle-class savers after the 2008 financial crisis . newline_char the two kinds of retirement savings pros are called " registered investment advisers " and " broker-dealers . newline_char " registered advisers — who often work with wealthier , more sophisticated clients — are required to uphold fiduciary standards , a special legal arrangement most often associated with lawyers and doctors . newline_char registered advisers are paid directly by their clients , and generally charge based on the size of the fund they manage . newline_char under the new rule , savers will gain the right to sue or initiate arbitration against advisers who don ’ t meet high ethical standards or who fail to disclose conflicts . story_separator_special_tag the proposal in question , put forward by the department of labor , would target the conflicts of interest that can arise when advisers attempt to steer their clients into high-fee , high-risk investments . newline_char as a former broker , i can not accept the argument that brokers are simply order-takers rather than advisers . newline_char republicans and some democrats in congress would apparently rather leave america ’ s investing public exposed to advisers who serve themselves first and their clients second . newline_char that ’ s precisely why congressional republicans are insisting on the need to “ study ” further an obama administration proposal to make financial advisers more accountable . newline_char the labor department is attempting to update the fiduciary standard , raising the bar for any advice given by brokers working with retirement investors . story_separator_special_tag a proposed rule to impose tougher regulations on financial advisers is poised to move forward after opponents failed to persuade lawmakers to derail it .
