searchers ought to be able to duplicate the findings of other scientists ’ work , but a new study suggests that many published psychology results ca n't be recreated . newline_char the scientists attempting to reproduce studies tried to hew closely to the originals ; they even worked with the original researchers and published their study designs for feedback from the over 270 people who worked on the reproduction project . newline_char a huge , collaborative research project attempted to recreate 100 studies that were recently published in major psychology journals , and it found that only 39 of those studies ' results could be replicated . newline_char nosek says that there are three reasons studies ' results may not have been replicated or may have changed . story_separator_special_tag thirty-six percent of replications had significant results ; 47 % of original effect sizes were in the 95 % confidence interval of the replication effect size ; 39 % of effects were subjectively rated to have replicated the original result ; and if no bias in original results is assumed , combining original and replication results left 68 % with statistically significant effects . newline_char ninety-seven percent of original studies had significant results ( p < .05 ) . newline_char we conducted replications of 100 experimental and correlational studies published in three psychology journals using high-powered designs and original materials when available . newline_char here , we evaluated reproducibility using significance and p values , effect sizes , subjective assessments of replication teams , and meta-analysis of effect sizes . newline_char conclusion no single indicator sufficiently describes replication success , and the five indicators examined here are not the only ways to evaluate reproducibility . newline_char direct replication is the attempt to recreate the conditions believed sufficient for obtaining a previously observed finding and is the means of establishing reproducibility of a finding with new data .
