e villagers had planned to march through police barricades around the town to local government offices . newline_char but a senior official met a village representative , and villagers said some demands had been met . newline_char image caption village came out in large numbers to protest after the death of their negotiator residents of a chinese village locked in a stand-off over land seizures appear to be nearing a compromise with local authorities . newline_char the villagers say officials have sold off their land to developers and failed to compensate them properly . newline_char protests have been simmering in wukan , in guangdong province , since september and escalated after the death of a village negotiator in police custody . newline_char local authorities had urged them not to . newline_char villagers had planned a march through police barriers on wednesday . newline_char " this is not a victory , but it is a beginning . newline_char there are thousands of protests over land grabs in china each year but the situation in wukan has attracted considerable attention because of its scale . newline_char " villagers have told the bbc they will return to the streets if promises are not kept . newline_char image caption police have set up roadblocks around the village village representative lin zulian said that the authorities had agreed to release three other village leaders detained at the same time as mr xue , and to release mr xue 's body . story_separator_special_tag protest leader yang semao says a senior provincial official told him and another village representative in a meeting wednesday that four villagers being held by police would be released over the next few days and land from one development project would be returned to the villagers . newline_char southern chinese authorities have given in to demands of protesting villagers after a nearly two-week standoff with police , releasing detainees and returning some confiscated land to farmers in a rare compromise . newline_char wukan villagers angered by the sale of farmland without their consent drove out local officials and police almost two weeks ago .
