associated press ) barcelona , spain ( ap ) — spanish riot police smashed their way into polling stations to try to halt a disputed independence referendum in catalonia on sunday and fired rubber bullets at protesters outside a barcelona polling station . newline_char the spanish government and its security forces are trying to prevent voting in the independence referendum , which is backed by catalan regional authorities . newline_char clashes broke out less than an hour after polls opened , and not long before catalonia regional president carles puigdemont was expected to turn up to vote at the sports center . newline_char an ap photographer saw several people who had been injured during the scuffles outside barcelona 's rius i taule school , where some voters had cast ballots before police arrived catalan president carles puigdemont condemned the crackdown . newline_char the plastic ballot boxes , bearing the seal of the catalan regional government , were placed on tables , prompting the cheering of hopeful voters who had gathered in schools before dawn . newline_char " national police and civil guard officers also showed up in other polling centers where catalan officials were expected . newline_char of a person at a school listed to be a polling station by the catalan government at the gracia neighborhood in barcelona , spain , ... newline_char in an effort to overcome myriad obstacles , catalan officials announced that voters would be allowed to cast ballots in any location and could use ballots printed at home , rather than in designated polling stations as previously announced . newline_char spanish riot police forcefully removed a few hundred would-be voters from a polling station at a school in barcelona . newline_char police had sealed off many voting centers in the hours before the vote to prevent their use . newline_char " reporters with the associated press saw ballot boxes wrapped in plastic bags being carried into some of the polling stations in barcelona occupied by parents , children and activists before some polling stations could open at 9 a.m.
