mis digital 's rory foster and katlyn hayes created a contest , the " intern games , " to determine the finest free summer laborer in the land . newline_char ) and kelsey halverson squared off to win a summer job in emmis digital 's " intern games . newline_char there 's probably no better example of this than emmis digital 's recent search for interns that pitted applicants against each other in a " hunger games " -themed social media contest for the honor of working for no pay . story_separator_special_tag the two finalists , kelsey halverson and jake bouvy , were eventually both offered unpaid internships due to their creative skills in different areas , combining to create what hayes called “ a super intern. newline_char the potential interns at emmis had to compete in a “ hunger games ” social media style competition . newline_char ” like a growing number of companies these days — especially in the digital space — emmis recently hired a few new interns using some unorthodox social media-heavy methods . newline_char ” advertisement it was a bit surprising to hear about unpaid , often cutthroat , internships in an exciting and positive light , especially in light of the fact that condé nast recently settled a lawsuit brought by underpaid interns and ditched their unpaid internship program . story_separator_special_tag unpaid internships may be scarcer in 2014 , but if emmis is any indicator , the market is still tough enough that college students are willing to intensely compete for them . newline_char ( the emmis interns do receive college credit . newline_char internships for college students and recent college graduates have been under more scrutiny in the past couple years , after several interns sued their former employers for back pay . newline_char media company emmis digital 's chicago branch decided to do something a little different with its intern recruitment process this year , according to dnainfo . newline_char in the end , the emmis team decided to call it a draw between two of the potential interns and recruited both jake bouvy and kelsey halverson .
