oenix ( ap ) — republican presidential hopeful donald trump criticized u.s. immigration and trade policies on saturday in speeches that veered from accusing mexico of deliberately sending criminals across the border to professing respect for the mexican government and love for its people . newline_char trump said his comments about immigration have become a movement and has pointed to violence ... newline_char republican presidential candidate donald trump waves to the crowd as he arrives to speak at a rally before a crowd of 3,500 saturday , july 11 , 2015 , in phoenix . newline_char ( associated press ) republican presidential candidate donald trump waves to supporters as he arrives speaks before a crowd of 3,500 saturday , july 11 , 2015 , in phoenix . newline_char franklin ) ( associated press ) republican presidential candidate donald trump shakes hands prior to speaking at a rally before a crowd of 3,500 saturday , july 11 , 2015 , in phoenix . newline_char franklin ) ( associated press ) republican presidential candidate donald trump speaks at freedomfest , saturday , july 11 , 2015 , in las vegas . story_separator_special_tag party leaders increasingly fear that trump could do damage to more viable candidates , such as bush , who could lose their own footing on immigration . newline_char republican presidential candidate donald trump addresses supporters during a political rally in phoenix on saturday . newline_char republicans are handling trump delicately for another reason as well : they fear that he could leave the gop entirely and wage a well-funded third-party campaign , a possibility that trump has not newline_char republican presidential candidate donald trump , whose caustic comments about mexicans have inflamed the immigration debate , told thousands of cheering supporters here saturday that “ we have to take back the heart of our country. newline_char yet trump has reignited a heated debate over an issue , immigration , that the gop had been determined to settle after it hurt republicans in the most recent presidential election .
