ssia ’ s consumer rights watchdog is to investigate fidget spinners amid claims on state tv that the gadgets could be used by political opponents to lure children . newline_char according to the official statement published on rospotrebnadzor ’ s website , the investigation was prompted by “ concerns expressed by community of parents and teachers ” and aims at researching how fidget spinners influence children ’ s and teenagers ’ health and whether they can have any negative effects on it . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag but over the last month , fidget spinners have puzzled russian pundits , who suspect them to be u.s.-made tools of manipulation for russia ’ s opposition . newline_char ” according to sokolov , fidget spinners were being distributed at opposition leader alexey navalny ’ s last rally on june 12 russian independent journalist alexey kovalev was among the first to draw attention to the initial bizarre segments on russian national airwaves , tweeting his response . newline_char fidget spinners “ have frequently been seen in the hands of members of the non-systemic opposition , ” alexey kazakov said at the time . newline_char fidget spinners are used by opposition to pacify followers and distract them from real issues . newline_char read more : putin ’ s mystery companion puzzles kremlin watchers “ probably it is no coincidence that they started selling the spinners at events by the non-systemic opposition , ” the host of the programme virus said on wednesday . newline_char the palm-sized device “ makes a person impressionable for manipulation , ” news show host alexey kazakov said on one of multiple segments broadcast by the state-run rossiya24 dedicated to the dangers of fidget spinners . newline_char rossiya24 is running another segment about about the opposition zombifying people with spinners . newline_char ” featuring a report from a psychologist named svetlana filatova , the program claimed that spinners can help the dexterity of very young children but beyond that , the spinner “ dulls ” a person ’ s mind and focusing only on the spinner “ takes you to a different world.
