e conversations between manafort and trump continued after the president took office , long after the fbi investigation into manafort was publicly known , the sources told cnn . newline_char washington ( cnn ) us investigators wiretapped former trump campaign chairman paul manafort under secret court orders before and after the election , sources tell cnn , an extraordinary step involving a high-ranking campaign official now at the center of the russia meddling probe . newline_char sources say the second warrant was part of the fbi 's efforts to investigate ties between trump campaign associates and suspected russian operatives . newline_char the fbi interest deepened last fall because of intercepted communications between manafort and suspected russian operatives , and among the russians themselves , that reignited their interest in manafort , the sources told cnn . newline_char the government snooping continued into early this year , including a period when manafort was known to talk to president donald trump . newline_char some of the intelligence collected includes communications that sparked concerns among investigators that manafort had encouraged the russians to help with the campaign , according to three sources familiar with the investigation . newline_char a secret order authorized by the court that handles the foreign intelligence surveillance act ( fisa ) began after manafort became the subject of an fbi investigation that began in 2014 . newline_char as part of the fisa warrant , cnn has learned that earlier this year , the fbi conducted a search of a storage facility belonging to manafort . story_separator_special_tag manafort and mr. newline_char manafort : jason maloni , a spokesman who appeared before the grand jury for more than two hours on friday , and the heads of two consulting firms — mercury public affairs and the podesta group — who worked with mr. newline_char mueller ’ s request for 13 categories of documents , including records related to mr.
