recent colorado tourism office survey of summer travelers shows 48 percent were influenced by legal recreational pot marijuana businesses have long proclaimed that cannabis is drawing visitors to colorado . newline_char and only 8 percent of the colorado tourists who responded to the survey said they visited a marijuana dispensary . newline_char while the state 's " come to life " ad campaign is certainly successful , surveys in october and november of potential summertime visitors who were exposed to the state 's tourism ads revealed that the marijuana laws influenced vacation decisions nearly 49 percent of the time . story_separator_special_tag tourists stopping in at pot shops are not coming to colorado specifically for marijuana , a recent survey by a fort lewis college professor found . newline_char shortly after marijuana was legalized , the survey garnered answers from 325 people exiting five marijuana shops across three southwest colorado counties , said lorraine taylor , assistant professor of management at flc . newline_char the survey is part of taylor ’ s larger study on the effect of marijuana on the tourism industry that has not been completed . newline_char ” the attraction of marijuana is likely to diminish as a tourism factor in the coming years because other states are working on legalization efforts , taylor said . newline_char but being able to purchase legal marijuana in colorado is “ the icing on the cake. story_separator_special_tag over in southwest colorado , a survey of tourists leaving pot shops found that visitors were n't coming specifically for marijuana . newline_char yet a new survey by the office finds that potential summertime tourists were influenced by marijuana laws about 49 percent of the time , reports the denver post . newline_char former colorado tourism office head al white has previously called marijuana 's effect on tourism " mariginal . newline_char ( ap photo/brennan linsley ) the colorado tourism office has spent more than $ 5.3 million on its campaign enticing visitors to the state , all without mentioning marijuana .
