judge found probable cause to hold the suspect , shannon miles , for capital murder in the killing of deputy darren goforth in houston . newline_char texas deputy darren goforth was shot 15 times , says prosecutor 2:31 the texas sheriff 's deputy who was killed at a gas station was shot 15 times by a gunman who unloaded his entire clip , a prosecutor said monday as the suspect appeared in court for the first time . story_separator_special_tag miles , 30 , was arrested saturday on charges of capital murder , accused of shooting harris county sheriff 's deputy darren goforth outside a northwest harris county gas station . newline_char a few months after that , miles was charged with resisting arrest , accused of pushing a harris county sheriff 's deputy . newline_char miles pleaded no contest in exchange for time served after spending six days in jail . newline_char suspect in deputy slaying spent time in mental hospital houston - shannon jaruay miles , who is accused of gunning down a sheriff 's deputy on friday , spent four months in a mental hospital in 2012 after being declared incompetent to stand trial in an aggravated assault case , court records show . newline_char as theories swirled monday about why goforth was killed , court records reveal a long history of run-ins between miles and police . newline_char after miles was arraigned monday , anderson said investigators continue to look for a motive for friday 's shooting . newline_char as the deputy walked out of the chevron store , miles allegedly ran up behind him , put a gun to the back of his head and fired . newline_char several months after the alleged assault , miles was declared mentally incompetent and sent to north texas state hospital . newline_char anderson later told reporters that her office is looking into charges that were filed against miles in travis county . newline_char after the deputy fell , miles stood over his body and emptied his .40 caliber semi-automatic pistol into the deputy 's back , shooting 15 rounds , harris county district attorney devon anderson said monday .
