e actual creature was probably no more than a millimetre in size researchers have discovered the earliest known ancestor of humans - along with a vast range of other species . newline_char the research team says that saccorhytus is the most primitive example of a category of animals called " deuterostomes " which are common ancestors of a broad range of species , including vertebrates ( backboned animals ) . newline_char saccorhytus was about a millimetre in size , and is thought to have lived between grains of sand on the sea bed . story_separator_special_tag if the conclusions of the study , published in the journal nature , are correct , then saccorhytus was the common ancestor of a huge range of species , and the earliest step yet discovered on the evolutionary path that eventually led to humans , hundreds of millions of years later . newline_char named saccorhytus , after the sack-like features created by its elliptical body and large mouth , the species is new to science and was identified from microfossils found in china . newline_char researchers have identified traces of what they believe is the earliest known prehistoric ancestor of humans – a microscopic , bag-like sea creature , which lived about 540 million years ago . story_separator_special_tag coronaries , with its oval body and large mouth , is likely a deuterostome , a group that includes all vertebrates , including humans , and some invertebrates , such as starfish . newline_char the creature is so novel , it has its own family ( saccorhytidae ) , as well as its own genus and species ( saccorhytus coronaries ) , named for its wrinkled , sac-like body . newline_char a speck-size creature without an anus is the oldest known prehistoric ancestor of humans , a new study finds . newline_char [ 7 theories on the origin of life ] " we think that as an early deuterostome , this may represent the primitive beginnings of a very diverse range of species , including ourselves , " simon conway morris , a professor of evolutionary palaeobiology at the university of cambridge , said in a statement .
