e carried interest edge romney got about $ 13 million in income over the past two years from “ carried interest , ” a form of earnings that is available to private equity partners and taxed at the 15-percent investment income tax rate , not the higher wage income rate . newline_char romney and his wife ann paid an effective tax rate of 13.9 percent in 2010 and expect to pay a 15.4 percent effective tax rate when they file their returns for 2011 . newline_char tampa , fla./washington ( reuters ) - republican presidential candidate mitt romney bowed to political pressure and gave the public a glimpse inside his personal fortune on tuesday , releasing u.s. tax returns showing he pays a lower effective tax rate than many top wage-earners . newline_char ” the former governor of massachusetts released his tax returns after a week when his chief republican presidential nomination rival , former u.s. house of representatives speaker newt gingrich , questioned whether romney was hiding financial information and cast him as out of touch with most americans . story_separator_special_tag “ you ’ ll see my income , how much taxes i ’ ve paid , how much i ’ ve paid to charity , ” romney said at a debate monday night in tampa . newline_char for 2011 , romney estimates that he will pay about $ 3.2 million , for an effective rate of 15.4 percent . newline_char the revelation that romney pays a significantly lower tax rate than most wealthy americans underscores his image as a multimillionaire financier , an image that some republicans believe would hurt his chances in the general election . newline_char according to his 2010 return , romney paid about $ 3 million to the irs , for an effective tax rate of 13.9 percent . newline_char ” romney released his tax returns — nearly 550 pages , including the 2010 returns for three family trust funds and a foundation — in a bid to regain his footing in the republican presidential campaign after stumbling badly in last weekend ’ s south carolina primary .
