tory_separator_special_tag jerusalemprime minister benjamin netanyahu said on sunday that most threats to israel 's security were " dwarfed " by the prospect of iran obtaining nuclear weaponry , which local media reports charged tehran had stepped up its efforts to achieve . newline_char the comments at a weekly cabinet meeting and the front-page reports in the liberal haaretz , a frequent netanyahu critic , and in the conservative , pro-government israel hayom came as israeli debate intensified about whether to go to war against iran - and soon - over its disputed atomic projects . newline_char the israel hayom daily reported nie findings that iran had " boosted efforts " to advance its nuclear program , including work to develop ballistic missile warheads , and said u.s. and israeli assessments largely tallied on this intelligence . newline_char iran has stepped up work to develop a nuclear warhead , israeli newspapers said on sunday , citing officials in netanyahu 's government and leaked u.s. intelligence . newline_char israel 's central bank has also drilled " big crisis " scenarios such as war with iran , the bank 's governor , stanley fischer , told an israeli television station at the weekend . newline_char israel 's prime minister benjamin netanyahu attends the weekly cabinet meeting in jerusalem august 12 , 2012 . newline_char " " therefore i say again , that iran must not be permitted to obtain nuclear weapons , " netanyahu said . newline_char " 'boosted ' nuclear efforts citing an unnamed senior israeli official , the haaretz daily said a new national intelligence estimate ( nie ) compiled by the obama administration included a " last-minute update " about significant iranian progress in the development of a nuclear warhead " far beyond the scope known " to u.n. inspectors . newline_char in comments also broadcast live by israeli media , netanyahu said that " all the threats currently being directed against the israeli home front are dwarfed by another threat , different in scope , different in substance .
