tory_separator_special_tag fiat chrysler automobiles nv was accused of violating pollution laws with 104,000 diesel vehicles , sending the shares plunging on the prospect the automaker may follow volkswagen ag in facing billions of dollars in fines . newline_char the environmental protection agency alleged fiat chrysler put software in jeep grand cherokee and ram 1500 models that allows them to exceed pollution limits . newline_char fiat chrysler becomes the second automaker in less than three years the epa has accused of violating the law by using software to pass laboratory emissions tests . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag detroit ( ap ) — the u.s. government is accusing fiat chrysler of failing to disclose software in some of its pickups and suvs with diesel engines that allows them to emit more pollution than allowed under the clean air act . story_separator_special_tag new york/detroit ( reuters ) - the u.s. environmental protection agency on thursday accused fiat chrysler automobiles nv of illegally using hidden software to allow excess diesel emissions to go undetected , the result of a probe that stemmed from regulators ’ investigation of rival volkswagen ag . newline_char the epa and california air resources board told fiat chrysler it believes its undeclared auxiliary emissions control software allowed vehicles to generate excess pollution in violation of the law and each issued notices of violation . story_separator_special_tag the environmental protection agency said thursday that fiat chrysler illegally installed software on about 104,000 pickups and sport-utility vehicles that spewed harmful pollutants while failing to disclose the technology . newline_char close the u.s. government is accusing fiat chrysler of failing to disclose software in some of its pickups and suvs with diesel engines that allows them to emit more pollution than is allowed under the clean air act . newline_char ( photo : alan diaz , ap ) detroit — u.s. regulators accused fiat chrysler automobiles of violating emissions standards in more than 100,000 diesel vehicles , spawning concerns that the company could become ensnared in a scandal like the one that engulfed volkswagen group .
