ise tricare fees – cbo floats two options to have military retirees pay more for health care . newline_char more than a few of the cbo options are fresh ideas to roll back compensation for categories of veterans or to raise tricare fees for military retirees , on suggestions that the government is being too generous . newline_char concurrent receipt – until 2003 , military retirees who drew tax-free compensation from the department of veterans affairs ( va ) for service-connected disabilities saw retired pay reduced by an equal amount . newline_char lifting this ban , cbo suggests , encouraged many more retirees to seek a va disability rating . newline_char last year , cbo says , va paid 520,000 veterans a total of $ 2.9 billion " for seven medical conditions that…are generally neither caused nor aggravated by military service . newline_char " that cbo floated such an option could dampen hope among military retirees with disabilities rated 40 percent and less that congress someday will lift the concurrent receipt ban for them too . newline_char the argument against is that retired pay and va pay compensate for " different characteristics of military service : rewarding longevity in the former case and remunerating for pain and suffering in the latter…moreover , some retirees would find the loss of income financially difficult . newline_char they " would still receive higher after-tax payments than would retirees who are not disabled , " cbo noted . newline_char cbo says $ 108 billion could be saved from 2015 to 2023 if the ban on concurrent receipt were restored for current and future retirees . newline_char military members , retirees and veterans have a few more reasons to be wary of politicians who say their top priority is to cut federal spending . newline_char one is to have tricare-for-life users -- retirees , spouses and survivors age 65 and older -- pay the first $ 550 of costs not covered by medicare and then 50 percent of the next $ 4950 . story_separator_special_tag 
