w brunswick -- rutgers university 's undergraduate tuition and fees will go up 2.3 percent -- or by about $ 300 -- this fall under a plan approved by the state university 's board thursday . story_separator_special_tag those schools , however , only educate 12 percent of all graduate students . newline_char those schools , however , only educate 12 percent of all graduate students . newline_char most graduate students at those schools are seeking master ’ s degrees in journalism , fine arts or government , according to cap . newline_char most graduate students at those schools are seeking master ’ s degrees in journalism , fine arts or government , according to cap . story_separator_special_tag those schools , however , only educate 12 percent of all graduate students . newline_char those schools , however , only educate 12 percent of all graduate students . newline_char most graduate students at those schools are seeking master ’ s degrees in journalism , fine arts or government , according to cap . newline_char most graduate students at those schools are seeking master ’ s degrees in journalism , fine arts or government , according to cap . story_separator_special_tag rutgers university , new jersey ’ s premier public university , continues to dominate top spots in several national college rankings — it ranks 26th among the nation ’ s top public schools and 30th in campus ethnic diversity , among other accolades . newline_char , was not surprised to learn the university was the top public college in the nation in terms of graduate student debt . newline_char of all the public institutions in the country , rutgers has the most graduate student debt . newline_char ava lorenzo , an out-of-state graduate student at rutgers ’ campus in new brunswick , n.j. newline_char ranked 19th on the list was rutgers university , the only public college to appear in the top 20 alongside pricy private universities like new york university and for-profit colleges like the university of phoenix .
