tory_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag after five years of working with google , norad has switched to microsoft bing to track santa 's sleigh ride this christmas eve . newline_char " norad has been tracking santa for 62 years , long before the introduction of google maps , bing maps , or the internet , for that matter . newline_char " norad will begin tracking santa at 2 a.m. eastern time on dec. story_separator_special_tag norad said the split from google maps , who it had worked with to track santa since 2007 , was a mutual decision . newline_char on wednesday , the north american aeropsace defense command ( norad ) , announced that it has teamed up with microsoft bing to power its annual " santa tracker " after its previous partner , google , announced it was launching its own version . newline_char before working with norad , google tracked santa using its google earth tool . newline_char norad , which usually spends its time monitoring the air space above the us and canada for unexplained or criminal aerospace activity , has " tracked " the worldwide progress of santa 's gift-giving journeys at christmas since 1955 . newline_char a norad worker who answered a call from a child wondering about santa 's whereabouts decided to follow the ruse and the agency has been involved with the tradition ever since . newline_char updates from norad on the christmas journey will also be available on twitter , facebook and by placing calls to the agency 's santa tracking phone line 877 hi-norad . newline_char norad , and its predecessor the continental air defense command ( conad ) , have been tracking santa since 1955 . newline_char the company will still be loosely affiliated with norad as google-owned youtube will continue to host dispatches from the government agency concerning santa 's whereabouts . newline_char norad 's tracking feature will also include information about the elevation and direction of santa 's " journey " and photos , weather and wikipedia information on the destinations .
