irwin called in historic england ( formerly english heritage ) , whose archaeologists confirmed that the mosaic had formed part the floor of a grand villa built between ad175 and 220 , and had been remodelled several times before the fifth century . newline_char the discovery of such an elaborate and extraordinarily well-preserved villa , undamaged by agriculture for over 1,500 years , is unparalleled in recent years and it gives us a perfect opportunity to understand roman and post-roman britain. newline_char the irwins ’ house , created out of two labourers ’ cottages , was built in the centre of the old villa and rests on a large slab of purbeck marble , which is probably of roman origin . newline_char ” it is believed that the three-storey structure , which would have dominated the valley , was similar to that found at chedworth , one of britain ’ s most important roman villa sites . newline_char it was the urge to avoid playing ping-pong in the dark that led luke irwin to make one of britain ’ s most extraordinary archaeological discoveries in recent years . story_separator_special_tag ” experts from historic england and salisbury museum carefully began excavating the site , and realised the mosaic formed part of the floor of a grand roman building . newline_char after an eight-day dig , archaeologists uncovered more of the ‘ elaborate ’ and ‘ extraordinarily well-preserved ’ villa , thought to be one of the largest ever found in the country . newline_char all the evidence suggests a family of high importance and wealth lived at the villa , possibly a roman emperor . newline_char a man stumbled across a roman villa in his back garden which is being hailed as the most significant discovery of its kind for a decade . newline_char dr david roberts , an archaeologist from historic england who helped work on the excavation , said : " we 've found a whole range of artefacts demonstrating just how luxurious a life that was led by the elite family that would have lived at the villa .
