e baltimore county police and fire department tweeted tuesday that the teen was arrested shortly after the female officer was fatally injured monday . newline_char a baltimore county police department officer ... newline_char ( ap ) — a 16-year-old boy has been charged in the slaying of a baltimore county , maryland , police officer , and three other suspects are still being sought , authorities said tuesday . newline_char a baltimore county police department officer was pronounced dead at the hospital after an altercation while investigating a suspicious vehicle ... story_separator_special_tag baltimore county police chief terrence sheridan said that police are looking for suspects they believed are “ armed and dangerous. newline_char baltimore ( wjz ) — one suspect was arrested and three others are in custody in the death of a baltimore county police officer who was killed in perry hall monday afternoon during a traffic stop . newline_char police now believe the officer stumbled upon a burglary in progress . newline_char officer police said this incident happened in a residential neighborhood near belair and klausmier roads after the officer responded to reports of a suspicious vehicle in the unit-block of linwen way . story_separator_special_tag a baltimore county police officer was killed in a confrontation monday as she responded to an afternoon call in perry hall , setting off an hours-long manhunt for suspects as police searched densely populated suburban neighborhoods . newline_char sheridan said the officer was responding to a call for a possible burglary involving four suspects . newline_char » the officer ’ s death prompted outcry throughout the state , and the search left nearly 2,000 students stranded in their schools well into the evening as police looked for the suspects , considered armed and dangerous . newline_char police were  story_separator_special_tag amy caprio served just shy of four years with the baltimore county police department , but she already had proven herself to be a dedicated officer .
