mp cloverleaf can provide a number of opportunities including : conference rooms seating 15-125 overnight accommodations for up to 150 in climate controlled cabins dining hall with climate control food service by request outdoor pavilion with large barbecue grill campfire circle seating 150 large air-conditioned auditorium stage and seats up to 150 waterfront facilities with canoes , kayaks , fishing and swimming lighted recreational field recreational equipment available by request audio-visual equipment by request ( projectors , screens , and speaker system ) wireless internet educational , business , family & church retreats camp cloverleaf provides the perfect escape from the noise and clutter of the busy world and an opportunity to work in a relaxed atmosphere . newline_char lake placid , fl 33852 like us on facebook at 4-h camp cloverleaf ! newline_char environmental education programs at camp cloverleaf bring science to life in this living laboratory . newline_char camp cloverleaf is affordable and tranquil . newline_char camp cloverleaf camp cloverleaf is a traditional camp with modern conveniences , combining a relaxed camp atmosphere with today ’ s camping desires . newline_char camp cloverleaf is open to the public year-round and may be reserved for a variety of uses : school field trips church retreats family reunions business meetings teacher in-service training civic organizations athletic groups weddings and more… . story_separator_special_tag more than two dozen children at a summer camp in florida fell ill and are being examined , cbs affiliate wtsp-tv reports . newline_char officials in highlands county say 33 kids and three adults from the clover leaf 4-h camp in lake placid started to feel nauseous . newline_char bashoor explained that some children have been picked up , but about 50 kids remain at the camp . newline_char cbs news has reached out to camp officials , but they did n't immediately provide comment . story_separator_special_tag at least 33 kids and three adults at clover leaf 4-h camp in lake placid , florida , are being examined after falling ill , june 22 , 2018 .
