ey recruited 156 participants , who completed an initial survey gauging their typical alcohol consumption and their perceptions of their own “ typical sober ” personality and “ typical drunk ” personality . newline_char “ participants reported experiencing differences in all factors of the five factor model of personality , but extraversion was the only factor robustly perceived to be different across participants in alcohol and sober conditions. newline_char in winograd ’ s previous studies , participants reliably reported that their personality changes when they imbibe , but experimental evidence for this kind of global change was lacking . newline_char winograd and colleagues decided to bring the question into the lab , where they could carefully calibrate alcohol consumption and closely monitor individual behavior . newline_char winograd and colleagues decided to bring the question into the lab , where they could carefully calibrate alcohol consumption and closely monitor individual behavior . story_separator_special_tag " participants reported experiencing differences in all factors of personality , but extraversion was the only factor robustly perceived to be different across participants in alcohol and sober conditions . story_separator_special_tag they recruited 156 participants , who completed an initial survey gauging their typical alcohol consumption and their perceptions of their own " typical sober " personality and " typical drunk " personality . newline_char " participants reported experiencing differences in all factors of the five factor model of personality , but extraversion was the only factor robustly perceived to be different across participants in alcohol and sober conditions . newline_char in winograd 's previous studies , participants reliably reported that their personality changes when they imbibe , but experimental evidence for this kind of global change was lacking . newline_char winograd and colleagues decided to bring the question into the lab , where they could carefully calibrate alcohol consumption and closely monitor individual behavior . newline_char winograd and colleagues decided to bring the question into the lab , where they could carefully calibrate alcohol consumption and closely monitor individual behavior .
