the combination of this attack on the committee , continued influence operations by russia and others using social media , and efforts to breach think tanks underscores that the cyber age has changed elections forever . newline_char so many systems are vulnerable to manipulation , from the voter-registration systems in the 50 states to the inner workings of the parties , that the opportunities for foreign and domestic manipulation are many . newline_char the federal bureau of investigation is looking into the incident , one of the officials said . newline_char he called the voter file “ the party ’ s most sensitive information. newline_char “ this attempt is further proof that there are constant threats as we head into midterm elections , and we must remain vigilant in order to prevent future attacks , ” said bob lord , chief security officer for the democratic national committee . story_separator_special_tag the dnc was alerted in the early hours of tuesday morning by a cloud service provider and a security research firm that a fake login page had been created in an attempt to gather usernames and passwords that would allow access to the party 's database , the source said . newline_char the democratic national committee contacted the fbi on tuesday after it detected what it believes was the beginning of a sophisticated attempt to hack into its voter database , a democratic source tells cnn . newline_char the fraudulent page was designed to look like the access page democratic party officials and campaigns across the country use to log into a service called votebuilder , which hosts the database , the source said , adding the dnc believed it was designed to trick people into handing over their login details . newline_char ( cnn ) update : the democratic national committee said late wednesday that what it had earlier feared was the beginning of a sophisticated attempt to hack into its voter database , was , in fact , an unauthorized " simulated phishing test . newline_char read more newline_char " read the updated story here .
