ypt has been hit by another wave of major violence ahead of parliamentary elections after security forces opened fire on thousands of protesters demonstrating against the military junta . newline_char " the scenes are reminiscent of the friday of anger , " said journalist and pro-change activist hossam el-hamalawy , referring to 28 january , the day protesters beat mubarak 's security forces off the streets during the uprising against his regime . newline_char protesters succeeded in driving the security forces from the square and captured one of their trucks . newline_char " mustafa was one of dozens of demonstrators left with serious head wounds during the police assault on tahrir square . newline_char street lighting was cut and amid the gloom hundreds of protesters tore up paving stones to throw at police lines , sporadically falling back as clouds of tear gas filled the air . story_separator_special_tag cairo ( reuters ) - at least one person was killed and more than 650 wounded in clashes between riot police and protesters in cairo 's tahrir square on saturday , official said , after a protest demanding the ruling military transfer power swiftly to a civilian government . newline_char egyptian riot police clash with protesters at tahrir square in cairo november 19 , 2011 . newline_char riot police , who used tear gas to clear the area in the early evening , later fired more tear gas at protesters who had regained control of the square , witnesses said . newline_char egyptian state television said prime minister essam sharaf called on protesters in tahrir to clear the square . newline_char that prompted around 5,000 protesters to return to the square and clashes erupted . newline_char police pulled down the tents of about 100 protesters who had camped in the square overnight after a demonstration on friday of about 50,000 people , mostly islamists , against the military leadership . newline_char " the april 6th youth movement said it opposed the use of force against peaceful protesters and demanded the interior minister quit .
