o bills that would increase restrictions on north dakota ’ s abortion laws are headed to the governor ’ s desk after passage by the senate on friday . newline_char no further debate followed before the senate passed the bill 26-17 . newline_char if signed , the bills would create some of the toughest abortion laws in the nation . story_separator_special_tag little more than a week after arkansas adopted the country ’ s most stringent abortion limits , banning the procedure at 12 weeks of pregnancy , the north dakota legislature on friday passed a more restrictive bill that would ban most abortions as early as 6 weeks into pregnancy . newline_char national abortion rights groups , including the center for reproductive rights , planned parenthood and the american civil liberties union , condemned the measures that passed the north dakota senate on friday , after previous approval by the house . newline_char one of the newly passed north dakota bills outlaws abortions when a fetal heartbeat is “ detectable ” using “ standard medical practice. story_separator_special_tag ( associated press ) the north dakota senate overwhelmingly approved two anti-abortion bills friday , one banning abortions as early newline_char the north dakota senate approved two anti-abortion bills friday , one banning abortions as ... newline_char the north dakota senate approved two anti-abortion bills friday , march 15 , 2013 , ... newline_char north dakota on friday moved closer to adopting what would be the most restrictive abortion laws in the country , with lawmakers sending the republican governor measures that could set the state up for a costly legal battle over the u.s. supreme court decision that legalized the procedure . newline_char ( associated press ) north dakota state sen. newline_char ( associated press ) north dakota state sen. newline_char ( associated press ) north dakota state sen. newline_char north dakota state sen . newline_char the north dakota senate overwhelmingly ... newline_char the north dakota senate overwhelmingly ...
