dated : human rights foundation says swank was warned about the activities of ramzan kadyrov before she attended the lavish event . newline_char " in a statement to thr , human rights watch called on stars who attended the party for kadyrov to reimburse any money that they were paid to participate . newline_char chechen leader ramzan kadyrov said he didn ’ t want a fuss for his 35th birthday party but that didn ’ t stop his friends from throwing a multimillion-dollar bash attended by hilary swank and jean-claude van damme . newline_char according to the human rights foundation , her manger , jason weinberg , stated in an email on sept 26 , “ hilary has no current plans to attend the party ” in chechnya . newline_char photos : 10 entertainers democrats and republicans love to hate human rights activists raised concerns with swank ’ s representatives before the event . newline_char " ramzan kadyrov is linked to a litany of horrific human rights abuses . newline_char according to human rights watch , kadyrov presides over law enforcement and security agencies that have been implicated in abductions , torture and executions of those suspected of involvement in the islamist insurgency in chechnya . newline_char kadyrov ” while swank said she was honored to be in grozny and wished kadyrov a “ happy birthday. newline_char ” photos : the most talked-about tv news faces kadyrov had said the celebrations , financed by the kremlin , were held in honor of the 193rd anniversary of the founding of grozny , chechnya 's capital . story_separator_special_tag human rights watch urged the artists to " avoid legitimizing people like " kadyrov , who has been accused by rights groups of having orchestrated abductions , extrajudicial killings and the enforcement of sharia law in chechnya . newline_char human rights watch is lambasting an oscar-winning actress and other western celebrities for attending a concert held on the birthday of chechnya 's kremlin-backed leader , who has been accused of rights abuses .
