wyer masoud shafiei says the court would free shane bauer and josh fattal after payment of the bail . newline_char the bail amount is the same set last year for the release of a third american , sarah shourd , who was arrested with bauer and fattal along the iran-iraq border in july 2009. newline_char a defense attorney says iran has set bail of $ 500,000 each for two american men arrested more than two years ago and convicted on spy-related charges . story_separator_special_tag ” ahmadinejad said bauer and fattal will be “ free to choose ” how they return to the united states . newline_char $ 500,000 bail demanded masoud shafiei , a lawyer representing the hikers , said he had been told by court officials that each of them would have to pay $ 500,000 in bail , as shourd had to do . newline_char the americans , shane bauer and josh fattal , both 29 , were arrested along with another american , sarah shourd , as they hiked along the iran-iraq border in july 2009 . newline_char ” bauer and shourd were free-lance journalists who were living together in damascus , syria , where shourd also taught english and was studying arabic , friends and relatives said . newline_char call for elections in syria ahmadinejad parried questions tuesday about iran ’ s ties with the embattled government in syria , a key ally . newline_char it comes just weeks before ahmadinejad is due to visit new york for the annual u.n. general assembly meeting , and it coincides with other conciliatory actions by iran , including a letter to european union officials offering new talks on iran ’ s nuclear program . newline_char ahmadinejad ’ s decision to pardon the men is subject to review by iran ’ s clerical authorities . newline_char bauer , an arabic speaker from minnesota who graduated from berkeley in 2007 with a degree in arabic and peace and conflict studies , was a middle east correspondent for new america media and has written for publications including the nation magazine , the san francisco chronicle , the los angeles times and slate.com .
