ile at kent , washington-based rei , jewell has helped lead groups such as the national parks conservation association that pushed the government to curb fossil-fuel mining in or near public lands . newline_char jewell , 57 , will replace ken salazar at the interior department , a sprawling , 70,000-employee agency that manages national parks along with 500 million acres of mineral-rich land . newline_char sally jewell , an outdoor-equipment executive and former petroleum engineer and commercial banker , won senate confirmation to become u.s . newline_char jewell is an accomplished mountain climber , expert skier and longtime bicycle commuter , and was supported for the interior post by environmental groups such as the sierra club . newline_char , jewell pledged in her confirmation hearing to balance conflicting demands in using federal land for recreation , conservation , mining and forestry . story_separator_special_tag the senate approved sally jewell sarah ( sally ) margaret jewellovernight regulation : senate panel approves driverless car bill | house bill to change joint-employer rule advances | treasury to withdraw proposed estate tax rule | feds delaying obama methane leak rule overnight energy : dems take on trump 's chemical safety pick gop chairman probes zinke ’ s charter plane use more to be the next interior secretary on wednesday , placing her atop an agency at the center of intense political battles over energy throughout president obama ’ s tenure . newline_char “ that ’ s why i ’ m especially enthused today to recommend sally jewell to head the department of interior . story_separator_special_tag the senate has confirmed sally jewell , ceo of outdoor retailer recreational equipment inc. newline_char jewell will oversee more than 500 million acres of national parks and other public lands , and more than 1 billion acres offshore . newline_char president barack obama 's nominated jewell last month to replace outgoing interior secretary ken salazar , who announced his departure in january .
