em cell trial suggests damaged heart tissue could be regenerated read more but monkeys that had the procedure also developed unusual heart rhythms , leading the researchers to concede that far more work is needed before the treatment can be considered safe enough for human trials . newline_char stem cell therapy creates heart cells capable of partially repairing damage to the organ , although more work needed before human trials can take place scientists have taken a step towards a radical new treatment for heart attacks with a stem cell therapy that can partially repair damage to the organ . newline_char tests in monkeys showed that injections of freshly-made heart cells were quickly incorporated into damaged areas of the heart and helped the organ to pump more vigorously . newline_char they induced heart attacks in five macaques and then treated the damage with heart cells created from the skin of a donor monkey . newline_char the hope is that , when injected into the heart , these cells take hold and help the heart pump more effectively . newline_char one idea scientists have had to treat heart attack survivors is to take skin cells from the patient and convert them into pumping heart cells . story_separator_special_tag every year about 735,000 americans have a heart attack . newline_char heart disease in the united states about 610,000 people die of heart disease in the united states every year–that ’ s 1 in every 4 deaths . newline_char 1 of the deaths due to heart disease in 2009 were in men . newline_char coronary heart disease ( chd ) is the most common type of heart disease , killing over 370,000 people annually . newline_char more than half of the deaths due to heart disease in 2009 were in men . newline_char of these , 525,000 are a first heart attack and 210,000 happen in people who have already had a heart attack.2 heart disease deaths vary by race and ethnicity heart disease is the leading cause of death for people of most ethnicities in the united states , including african americans , hispanics , and whites .
