e siskiyou county board of supervisors voted , 4-1 , on tuesday to pursue seceding from california , the redding record searchlight reported . newline_char resident complaints include a lack of representation in sacramento and insufficient attention to major issues for the county , such as water rights and a rural fire prevention fee , the searchlight reported . newline_char proponents say siskiyou should form a new state -- called jefferson -- with other counties in northern california and southern oregon they believe share similar interests . newline_char on tuesday more than 100 people filled the supervisors ' chambers , many of whom indicated support for the declaration , the searchlight reported . newline_char " i was one of the people who thinks the state of jefferson was n't a bad idea , " he told the newspaper . newline_char supervisor ed valenzuela , who chairs the board , was the only vote against the decision , the searchlight said . newline_char fed up by sacramento 's regulations and southern california 's political sway , residents in one rural northern california county are taking steps to leave the state . story_separator_special_tag the siskiyou county board of supervisors voted 4-1 on tuesday to support the county 's split from the state of california . newline_char it 's the first in a long series of steps to form the proposed state of jefferson , which proponents of the effort say would bring representation to rural north state counties that currently are beholden to the whims of representatives of the more heavily populated southern california and free them from burdensome state regulations . newline_char baird is leading the charge to form a new state from rural counties in northern california and southern oregon , though he certainly was n't the only voice in support of the move . newline_char the discussion also attracted members of groups from shasta and tehama counties who are looking for their own supervisors to pass similar declarations .
