tory_separator_special_tag among our findings : many schools are not challenging students and large percentages of students report that their school work is “ too easy. newline_char thirty-nine percent of 12th-grade students , for example , say that they hardly ever or only once or twice a month write about what they read in class . newline_char we were also interested in issues of access since students provide an important , classroom-eye view of the resources that are available to them . newline_char but when we recently examined a federal survey of students in elementary and high schools around the country , we found the opposite : many students are not being challenged in school . newline_char but many students believe their class work is too easy . newline_char eighth-grade students across the country also report that they rarely write lengthy answers to reading questions on tests : approximately one-third of students write long answers on reading tests twice per year or less . newline_char twenty-nine percent of eighth-grade math students nationwide , for instance , report that their math work is often or always too easy . newline_char we found that 51 percent of eighth-grade civics students and 57 percent of eighth-grade history students report that their work is often or always too easy . newline_char in some states like virginia , nearly a third of middle-school students reported their work was often or always too easy . newline_char moreover , almost one-third of 12th-grade reading students say they newline_char almost a third of eighth-grade students report reading fewer than five pages a day either in school or for homework . newline_char what student surveys tell us about the state of education in the united states source : ap/ stephan savoia download this report ( pdf ) download the introduction and summary ( pdf ) read this report in your browser ( scribd ) download selected student survey results for states ( pdf ) download complete survey data used in report ( .xls ) interactive map : how much are students learning ?
