ap photo/rahmat gul ) ( associated press ) kabul , afghanistan ( ap ) — the three top officials in afghanistan 's kandahar province were killed when their own guards opened fire on them at a security conference thursday , the deputy provincial governor said , and a taliban spokesman said the target was washington 's top general in afghanistan , gen. newline_char a taliban bombing in southern helmand province killed a candidate running in the elections . newline_char the attack , which took place in the district of bagram in parwan province , also wounded three afghan civilians , said wahida shakar , spokeswoman for the provincial governor . newline_char miller is the commander of u.s. and nato troops in afghanistan . newline_char the attack on the nato convoy came at the end of a particularly violent day across afghanistan as tensions are rising ahead of the country 's parliamentary elections on saturday . newline_char meanwhile , a nato convoy was attacked late wednesday near the afghan capital , killing two civilians and injuring five czech troops , afghan officials and the czech military said thursday . newline_char . ( associated press ) afghan national army soldiers search a car at a checkpoint ahead of parliamentary elections scheduled for oct. newline_char afghan national army soldiers search a car at a checkpoint ahead of parliamentary elections scheduled for oct. newline_char knut peters , a spokesman for nato troops in afghanistan . newline_char security has been steadily deteriorating in afghanistan with increasingly brazen attacks being carried out by insurgents and afghanistan 's security forces have been on high alert ahead of saturday 's elections . story_separator_special_tag kabul—one of southern afghanistan ’ s most powerful political and military figures was assassinated thursday and the top u.s. commander in the country escaped unharmed when bodyguards for the governor of southern kandahar province opened fire following a meeting to discuss security preparations for this weekend ’ s parliamentary elections .
