e poor have a much higher life expectancy in prosperous urban areas like san francisco and new york city , said chetty . newline_char " the poorest men in america have a life expectancy comparable to those living in sudan and pakistan , " chetty said . newline_char in contrast , in more rural areas and some rust belt states such as michigan , ohio , indiana , kentucky , tennessee , arkansas , oklahoma and kansas -- including cities like detroit -- life expectancy for the poor is especially low . newline_char stanford researchers analyzed more than one billion tax and social security records and report that there 's an increasing gap in life expectancy between the richest one percent in the united states and the poorest one percent . newline_char " i would have thought these very expensive big cities , like new york city and san francisco , for most poor would be stressful and would be places with poor health among the poor , but that 's not at all what these data suggest , " chetty said . story_separator_special_tag objectives to measure the level , time trend , and geographic variability in the association between income and life expectancy and to identify factors related to small area variation . newline_char these data were used to estimate race- and ethnicity-adjusted life expectancy at 40 years of age by household income percentile , sex , and geographic area , and to evaluate factors associated with differences in life expectancy . newline_char main outcomes and measures relationship between income and life expectancy ; trends in life expectancy by income group ; geographic variation in life expectancy levels and trends by income group ; and factors associated with differences in life expectancy across areas . newline_char importance the relationship between income and life expectancy is well established but remains poorly understood . story_separator_special_tag according to a large study published today about how income and geography shape life expectancies , a poor person living in the san francisco area can expect to live about three years longer than someone making the same income in detroit .
