told reporters that he expects a senate vote on the bill as soon as next week , underlining the importance of the next two weeks . newline_char mcconnell can only afford two defections , with every senate democrat expected to be a “ no ” vote . newline_char the pace of activity is picking up ahead of the informal july 4 deadline set by senate majority leader mitch mcconnell addison ( mitch ) mitchell mcconnellsenate passes 0b defense bill overnight health care : new gop obamacare repeal bill gains momentum overnight finance : cbo to release limited analysis of obamacare repeal bill | doj investigates equifax stock sales | house weighs tougher rules for banks dealing with north korea more ( r-ky. newline_char a frantic scramble to influence the senate ’ s healthcare legislation intensified on monday , with house conservatives pressuring their allies in the senate and democrats mounting a furious public relations blitz to kill the bill . story_separator_special_tag | getty senate gop prepares for obamacare repeal vote next week republicans are working behind closed doors — and quickly — to finalize a bill and bring it to the floor . newline_char senate republicans are preparing to vote on obamacare repeal next week , according to multiple sources familiar with the negotiations , potentially leaving rank-and-file lawmakers with no more than a week to review legislation that would affect millions of americans and one-sixth of the u.s. economy . newline_char " such a timeline would mean republicans would have about a week to review text of a bill to repeal the 2010 health care law . newline_char the timeline could change based on the response from individual senators toward the proposal at party meetings , but republicans are increasingly optimistic they can hold a vote next week if this week 's lunch talks go well . story_separator_special_tag ) is intent on keeping pressure on senate republicans to move quickly on the bill rolling back and replacing much of the 2010 health law , lawmakers and gop aides said .
