e researchers at the two state-run universities cultured human induced pluripotent stem cells into cartilage cells , which were then made into numerous tiny balls . newline_char tokyo — the university of tokyo and kyoto university said friday they have succeeded in creating human ear cartilage from ips cells . story_separator_special_tag scientists from the university of california , san francisco are on a mission to create a sophisticated artificial kidney device made with human kidney cells , silicon nanofilters and powered by blood pressure . newline_char being able to make blood vessels in the lab from a patient ’ s own cells could mean better treatments for cardiovascular disease , kidney disease and diabetes . newline_char in 2011 , cornell biological and environmental engineering assistant professor john march began collaborating with pittsburgh-based pediatric surgeon david hackam on a small artificial intestine using collagen and stem cells . newline_char ott and his team are working on a bioartificial heart scaffold while mit researchers recently printed functional heart tissue from rodent cells . newline_char in 2011 , the head of california-based cytograft tissue engineering reported progress in a study where three end-stage kidney disease patients were implanted with blood vessels bioengineered in the lab . newline_char in 2010 bioengineers at wake forest university baptist medical center grew miniature livers in the lab using decellularized animal livers for the structure and human cells . newline_char in 2011 , a research team from cornell university bioengineered implants using gel and collagen seeded with rat cells that were then successfully placed into rat spines . newline_char this month , a team from the yokohama city university graduate school of medicine published results of a study where they reprogrammed human adult skin cells , added other cell types , and got them to grow into early-stage liver “ buds. newline_char then this month a team at massachusetts general hospital found a way to encourage stem-like cells to develop into vascular precursor cells , a key step on the way to becoming blood vessel cells .
