sides threatening the judge , mccarty also threatened a pair of dispatchers in the phone calls . newline_char assistant state attorney ashley terwilleger , who prosecuted the case along with marycatherine crock , said that mccarty ’ s words mattered and that warren was fearful that mccarty would make good on his threats . newline_char throughout the trial the judge , the jurors , attorneys and deputies were patient and professional in the face of mccarty ’ s insults or outbursts . newline_char the move earlier in the day to the adjacent room didn ’ t help much as mccarty continued to shout expletives , curse the presiding judge , the witnesses and the entire judicial system . newline_char everyone in the courtroom — judge foxman , attorneys and the jurors — could hear mccarty ’ s screams , which included offensive expletives . newline_char ” after mccarty kept screaming , foxman ordered him into the small room with the one-way glass . newline_char daytona beach — alan miller mccarty watched most of his trial thursday morning from behind one-way glass in a small room after yelling at , interrupting and crudely insulting the presiding judge . newline_char mccarty faces up to 40 years in prison when he is sentenced by circuit judge matt foxman . newline_char the judge told the jurors that mccarty had chosen to be in the room to which mccarty could be heard screaming that he did not and that his rights had been taken away . newline_char alan miller mccarty watched most of his trial thursday morning from behind one-way glass in a small room after yelling at , interrupting and crudely insulting the presiding judge . story_separator_special_tag mccarty was convicted last month of threatening to kill circuit judge stasia warren last year when he mistakenly blamed her for taking his kids away in a custody case . newline_char a prosecutor 's statement says the 20-year sentence will give mccarty ample time to reflect on the seriousness of his threats against the judicial system .
