st powerful person in politics : hillary clinton , secretary of state those who doubt hillary 's viability in 2016 should take note of the viral meme " texts from hillary . story_separator_special_tag clinton : stop talking . newline_char clinton : on it . story_separator_special_tag what started as a joke at the bar between two friends turned into a national conversation about secretary clinton and went as far as talks about 2016 . story_separator_special_tag as peggy noonan of the wall street journal said yesterday , hillary clinton is " one of the few people who is in the obama administration whose reputation from her work there has been enhanced as opposed to roughened . newline_char so it 's week two and we 're still talking about texts from hillary , the simple-yet-brilliant meme started by d.c.-based communications professionals stacy lambe and adam smith . newline_char obama touted a unifying national message in his run against clinton , suggesting that clinton ’ s scars from decades of battling republicans would make it difficult to ever be effective in the  story_separator_special_tag what a difference four years makes : when she was running for the democratic presidential nomination , hillary clinton was parodied as drab and calculated , especially compared with young and vigorous barack obama and winking and fresh-faced sarah palin . newline_char ” and clinton ’ s popularity — including with republicans — has never been higher , prompting yet another boomlet of interest in a 2016 presidential run . newline_char more than just an image rebound , clinton is enjoying a genuine resurgence . newline_char obama touted a unifying national message in his run against clinton , suggesting that clinton ’ s scars from decades of battling republicans would make it difficult to ever be effective in the  newline_char obama touted a unifying national message in his run against clinton , suggesting that clinton ’ s scars from decades of battling republicans would make it difficult to ever be effective in the white house .
