s. personnel are authorized to “ provide information , advice and assistance ” to an african union military task force tracking kony and his organization , the lord ’ s resistance army ( lra ) , across uganda , the central african republic , south sudan and congo . newline_char obama has ordered an increase in u.s. special operations forces deployed to uganda to find warlord joseph kony ; here are photos from the hunt in september . newline_char dory and other officials emphasized that the ospreys will be used for troop transport and that the rules of engagement for u.s. forces remain the same as for about 100 special operations troops that obama first sent to help find kony in october 2011 . newline_char obama has ordered an increase in u.s. special operations forces deployed to uganda to find warlord joseph kony ; here are photos from the hunt in september . newline_char view graphic a map of the lord 's resistance army area of influence kony , whose forces have spent years attacking central african villages , mutilating civilians and stealing children , has been indicted by the international criminal court . newline_char kony , whose forces have spent years attacking central african villages , mutilating civilians and stealing children , has been indicted by the international criminal court . newline_char kony , whose forces have spent years attacking central african villages , mutilating civilians and stealing children , has been indicted by the international criminal court . newline_char kony , whose forces have spent years attacking central african villages , mutilating civilians and stealing children , has been indicted by the international criminal court . story_separator_special_tag national security council spokesperson caitlin hayden said the lack of aircraft had been identified by the african countries leading the hunt for mr kony as one of their major obstacles to finding him and the other lra leaders " across a wide swath of one of the world 's poorest , least governed and most remote regions " .
