e island — often compared to paradise — scores highest on a new ranking of states by residents ' well-being . newline_char ( gallup-healthways well-being index ) vermont fell hardest , dropping 16 spots . newline_char delaware scored highest by sense of purpose ; south carolinians were most socially fulfilled ; alaskans felt most financially secure ; montanans were happiest with their sense of community ; and hawaii scored highest by physical well-being . newline_char that 's according to the latest gallup-healthways well-being index , a ranking that seeks to capture how residents of each state feel about their sense of purpose and community , social and financial status and physical health . story_separator_special_tag kentucky and west virginia continued to have the lowest well-being in the nation , ranking 49th and 50th , respectively , for seven straight years . newline_char hawaii reclaimed the top spot among states in the u.s. for well-being as 2014 ’ s highest well-being state , alaska , slipped to second . newline_char the lowest well-being states are in the south and move north through the industrial midwest . newline_char the northern plains and mountain west are higher well-being areas , along with some western states and pockets of the northeast and atlantic . newline_char the report , “ state of american well-being : 2015 state rankings ” , provides an overview of well-being trends within the united states . newline_char well-being in the u.s. has been bolstered by many positive trends including a decline in the national uninsured rate , a decline in the overall smoking rate , and an increase in reported exercise . newline_char as in prior years , well-being in the u.s. exhibits regional patterns . newline_char the gallup-healthways well-being index uses a holistic definition of well-being and collects self-reported data from individuals across the globe to create a unique view of societies ’ progress on the elements that matter most to well-being : purpose , social , financial , community and physical .
