 was the second week the court has heard arguments since the death of justice antonin scalia , thomas ' friend and fellow conservative . newline_char it was the second week the court has heard arguments since the death of justice antonin scalia , thomas ' friend and fellow conservative . story_separator_special_tag having spent the last 15 minutes defending the ban against people convicted of " reckless " misdemeanor charges , eisenstein asked whether there were any more questions , and thomas unexpectedly raised his voice . newline_char for the first time in 10 years , justice clarence thomas asked a question from the bench . newline_char clarence thomas breaks 10 years of high court silence washington ( cn ) - the death of justice antonin scalia promises to change the way the supreme court operates in many potentially momentous ways , but monday 's arguments presented a more minor if equally noticeable shift on the nation 's highest court . story_separator_special_tag " no one was more ideologically aligned with justice scalia than justice thomas , who has historically been reluctant to ask questions at oral argument because he believes his colleagues already do more than enough talking , " said cnn contributor stephen i. newline_char that anniversary , february 22 , came on the same day the supreme court first heard oral arguments after the death of justice antonin scalia , who was thomas ' ideological soul mate and who had defended his lack of questions over the years . story_separator_special_tag thomas asked the justice department lawyer defending the government 's prosecution whether the violation of any other law suspends a person 's constitutional rights . newline_char it was the second week the court has heard arguments since the death of justice antonin scalia , thomas ' friend and fellow conservative . newline_char ( associated press ) washington ( ap ) — justice clarence thomas has asked questions during a supreme court argument for the first time in 10 years . newline_char it was the second week the court has heard arguments since the death of justice antonin scalia , thomas ' friend and fellow conservative .
