nald trump has been catching heat for lawsuits against him and trump university , a real estate seminar business he created in 2005 . newline_char together the cases represent the interests of thousands of former trump university students . newline_char those named in the california cases say trump university teachers were not hand-picked by trump as advertised , but rather independent contractors paid commissions for sales of the seminars and products . newline_char trump university , was filed in 2010 . newline_char but civil lawsuits against it and against trump himself are very much alive . newline_char trump , was filed in 2013 . newline_char " rather , trump said , " i  newline_char trump u was n't an accredited " school . newline_char trump says he 's innocent . newline_char trump university was subsequently renamed the trump entrepreneur initiative . newline_char schneiderman 's $ 40 million civil suit , which accuses the program of deceptive business practices , alleged that its advertisements made false claims , including that trump handpicked the instructors and that consumers who took the seminars would receive access to private sources of financing -- i.e. newline_char " and trump has charged that schneiderman was politically motivated in his decision to bring the new york case . newline_char former employees of trump u are among its harshest critics . newline_char trump university would " upsell " students in its initial free seminar to buy a $ 1,495 " one year apprenticeship " -- which was effectively a three-day seminar , the cohen suit asserts . story_separator_special_tag " three lawsuits have been filed against trump 's school , with former students accusing trump of defrauding them with lofty promises to learn about buying and selling real estate . newline_char john brown said employees of trump university called him multiple times , reportedly pushing for him to raise his poor review of the program . newline_char trump might not invite me back to teach again .
