 a separate action , episcopal church deputies voted 173 to 27 to approve the change to the church 's canon , or rules , redefining marriage as being between two persons , instead of a man and a woman . newline_char 2 photo s slideshow episcopal church leaders on wednesday adopt rituals for same-sex marriage ceremonies , making it the third mainline protestant denomination in america to do so . newline_char " the episcopal church vote comes on the heels of a june 26 supreme court decision legalizing same-sex marriage in all 50 states and a dramatic shift in public support for the change . newline_char capping a week of debate in which opposing voices were scarce , the episcopal church usa 's house of deputies , meeting in the faith 's 78th general convention , voted 184-23 to approve the new liturgy . newline_char " by 2003 , the episcopal church elected its first openly gay bishop , a move that critics say triggered a major schism . newline_char the episcopal church voted in 1976 that gays and lesbians were " a full and equal claim with all other persons upon the love , acceptance , and pastoral concern and care of the ( c ) hurch . newline_char episcopalians now join the presbyterian church ( usa ) and the united church of christ in offering such rituals to same-sex couples . story_separator_special_tag salt lake city ( ap ) — episcopalians overwhelmingly voted wednesday to allow religious weddings for same-sex couples , solidifying the church 's embrace of gay rights that began more than a decade ago with the pioneering election of the first openly gay bishop . story_separator_special_tag the bishops of the episcopal church have authorized their clergy to perform same-sex weddings , but don ’ t expect sweeping changes across the entire denomination anytime soon . newline_char in resolutions adopted here at the denomination ’ s general convention meeting in salt lake city this week , the bishops have endorsed new liturgies or services for same-sex couples wishing to marry in church .
