ngapore — about two hours into an early monday ( june 27 ) morning flight from singapore to milan , italy , the pilot of singapore airlines flight 368 announced over the public address system that the plane would have to turn back . story_separator_special_tag story highlights right engine of singapore airlines flight sq368 caught fire after emergency landing at changi airport all of the 222 passengers and 19 crew disembarked safely ( cnn ) a singapore airlines plane burst into flames monday after an emergency landing at the city-state 's changi airport . newline_char photos : singapore airlines plane catches fire after landing a cell phone photo shot by passenger lee bee yee ( facebook.com/premiummall.sg ) shows the wing of a singapore airlines flight on fire upon landing at changi airport on june 27 , 2016 . newline_char hide caption 1 of 7 photos : singapore airlines plane catches fire after landing passengers were calm throughout the incident , said lee . story_separator_special_tag reuters/phil noble after britain ’ s historic vote to leave the european union , there is no indication that a so-called brexit will happen soon . story_separator_special_tag media playback is unsupported on your device media caption watch : singapore airlines plane catches fire a singapore airlines plane bound for milan caught fire shortly after making an emergency landing . newline_char the plane turned back and landed before the right engine of the boeing 777 burst into flames . story_separator_special_tag ( associated press ) this image provided by lee bee yee shows passengers disembarking a singapore airlines flight after an engine fire , at changi international airport in singapore on monday , june 27 , 2016 . newline_char this image provided by lee bee yee shows passengers disembarking a singapore airlines flight after an engine fire , at changi international airport in singapore on monday , june 27 , 2016 . newline_char ( associated press ) singapore ( ap ) — singapore airlines said monday that there were no injuries when a jetliner caught fire after the plane returned to changi airport because of an engine warning .
