 have fashioned these sanctions to impose costs on named individuals who wield influence in the russian government and those responsible for the deteriorating situation in ukraine . newline_char in response to the russian government ’ s actions contributing to the crisis in ukraine , this new e.o . story_separator_special_tag obama on monday froze the u.s. assets of seven russian officials for their support of crimea 's vote to secede from ukraine in the most comprehensive sanctions against russia since the end of the cold war . newline_char washington ( ap ) — president barack obama says new u.s. sanctions imposed on russian officials make it clear " that there are consequences for their actions " in crimea and he 's warning that the u.s. stands ready to impose further sanctions if necessary . story_separator_special_tag close president obama announced sanctions against several high-level russian officials following crimea 's referendum to split from ukraine . newline_char ( photo : dimitar dilkoff afp/getty images ) washington — president obama announced monday that he is leveling new sanctions against seven russian officials the white house says have contributed to the crisis in ukraine . newline_char " we are imposing sanctions on specific individuals for undermining the sovereignty , territorial integrity and government of ukraine , " obama said . newline_char in addition , the treasury department announced it is imposing sanctions against former ukraine president viktor yanukovych , former ukrainian presidential chief of staff viktor medvedchuk as well as crimea-based separatist leaders sergey aksyonov and vladimir konstantinov . newline_char obama announced the sanctions one day after the crimean region of ukraine voted overwhelmingly to join russia in a referendum that the u.s. and western allies vowed not to recognize . newline_char the sanctions focus on the individual personal assets , but not companies that the officials may manage on behalf of the russian state .
