oten said mancil plotted with dryden to destroy haarp because they believe conspiracy theories claiming the facility manipulates the weather , controls minds and even traps the souls of people . newline_char but coffee county investigators said the two douglas men collected dozens of weapons as part of a plan to attack the high frequency active aural research facility or haarp . newline_char ( source : coffee county sheriff ) officials said suspects planned to penetrate a research facility in alaska that has been the subject of several conspiracy theories . newline_char coffee county sheriff 's investigators arrested michael mancil , 30 , and james dryden jr. newline_char a local gun shop also alerted investigators to the fact that mancil was trying to buy a large amount of weapons . newline_char officials said the suspects planned to penetrate a research facility in alaska that has been the subject of several conspiracy theories . newline_char ( source : walb ) two south georgia men are accused of plotting domestic terrorism based on bizarre conspiracy theories . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag television station walb in georgia first reported monday that investigators with the coffee county sheriff 's office arrested michael mancil , 30 , and james dryden jr. newline_char two men arrested last week in southern georgia were planning to attack an aurora research facility owned by the university of alaska fairbanks around which conspiracy theories of mind control have long swirled , investigators said . newline_char marmian grimes , a spokeswoman at uaf , said that while haarp has been the target of threats before , " in the recent past there has n't been anything quite this extreme planned . newline_char authorities discovered the plot to attack haarp after initially investigating mancil " for possible drug sales . newline_char for many years , conspiracy theories about haarp 's capabilities for mind and weather control have persisted , to the point where the center hosted an open house in august in an effort to dispel such theories .
