ngkok , thailand ( cnn ) -- thailand 's prime minister abhisit vejjajiva declared a state of emergency wednesday , hours after anti-government demonstrators stormed the country 's parliament . newline_char while the prime minister stressed that the measure is not mean to disperse people , the decree bans the gathering of more than five persons who are deemed to instigate an emergency situation . newline_char demonstrators wednesday had been keeping a promise to intensify protests unless vejjajiva dissolves parliament . newline_char a helicopter was dispatched to pick up deputy prime minister suthep thuangsuban and some other officials , abhisit 's office said . newline_char the state of emergency was declared a few hours after the protesters stormed into the parliament building and then dispersed to regroup at their main gathering places at phan fa bridge and rajaprasong intersection . story_separator_special_tag one day after declaring a national state of emergency , prime minister abhisit vejjajiva announced he would skip the 16th annual summit of the association of southeast asian nations in vietnam to deal with thousands of " red shirt " anti-government protesters who have paralyzed parts of the thai capital . newline_char unrest in thailand intruded for the second straight year on a summit of southeast asian leaders as the thai prime minister was forced to abandon his trip at the last minute thursday amid fears of violence . newline_char " the thai upheaval even upstaged concerns about myanmar 's upcoming elections , which have been boycotted by the main opposition party because its leader has been forbidden from participating . newline_char the red shirts , who briefly raided parliament on wednesday , are calling for abhisit to dissolve parliament within 15 days and call new elections . newline_char " the situation in bangkok is worrying , and it 's a somber backdrop to our discussions , " singaporean foreign minister george yeo said at the summit 's opening .
