tablishment , is recalling approximately 6,937,195 pounds of various raw , non-intact beef products that may be contaminated with salmonella newport , the u.s. department of agriculture ’ s food safety and inspection service ( fsis ) announced today . newline_char the first store receipt potentially linking the purchase of fsis-regulated product to a case-patient was received on september 19 , 2018 ; fsis was then able to begin traceback of ground beef products . newline_char fsis advises all consumers to safely prepare their raw meat products , including fresh and frozen , and only consume ground beef that has been cooked to a temperature of 160°f . newline_char on september 5 , 2018 , fsis was notified of an investigation of salmonella newport illnesses with reported consumption of several different fsis-regulated products by case-patients . newline_char traceback has identified jbs as the common supplier of the ground beef products . newline_char 5 , 2018 to reflect additional product codes and increases in the poundage of products being recalled ; -details of this recall were updated oct. newline_char the following products are subject to recall : [ products list ( pdf ) ( or xlsx ) | product labels ( pdf only ) | distribution list ( pdf ) ] the products subject to recall bear establishment number “ est . story_separator_special_tag the recall was issued after health officials identified jbs as the common supplier of raw ground beef products found to be the " probable source " of reported salmonella illnesses . newline_char is recalling 6,500,966 pounds of " various raw , non-intact beef products " due to an outbreak of salmonella , the us department of agriculture 's food safety and inspection service announced thursday . newline_char story highlights 57 cases of salmonella illness linked to this outbreak were reported in 16 states fourteen patients have been hospitalized ( cnn ) arizona-based meat producer jbs tolleson inc. story_separator_special_tag an investigation traced products including ground beef and beef patties to jbs tolleson , inc.
