llow friday ’ s updates on the kavanaugh hearing here : john dean to warn of a ‘ pro-presidential powers ’ supreme court judge brett m. newline_char grassley closed the session by praising kavanaugh for his “ compelling and credible ” answers , highlighted his history on the bench and said that “ unquestionably , you ’ re qualified to serve on the supreme court of the united states. newline_char kavanaugh is appearing before the senate judiciary committee on thursday as senators continue publicly interviewing president trump ’ s nominee for the supreme court . newline_char .that were already cleared for public release • kavanaugh advised against calling roe “ settled law ” • kavanaugh elaborates on dissent on contraception and religious objections • emails show more involvement with nominee than kavanaugh previously suggested 10:13 p.m. story_separator_special_tag washington ( cnn ) brett kavanaugh emerged from two days of tough questioning in the senate judiciary committee without making any obvious missteps that could imperil his confirmation as the justice who will pull the supreme court to the right and hand donald trump a generational presidential legacy . newline_char after emerging largely unscathed after the final round of questions from senators that stretched late into thursday evening , kavanaugh could take comfort in passing his biggest test . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag " national security is not a blank check for the president , " kavanaugh said , pointing to a number of cases in which the court had overruled the administration . newline_char senators dispute status of released documents as questioning of kavanaugh wraps up enlarge this image toggle caption chip somodevilla/getty images chip somodevilla/getty images updated at 10:55 p.m . newline_char she pressed kavanaugh on when the high court should question a president 's national security claims . newline_char et supreme court nominee judge brett kavanaugh weathered another long day of questions from the senate judiciary committee thursday .
