rmer south african president nelson mandela is " responding positively " to treatment for a recurring lung infection after he was taken to a hospital late wednesday , the presidency said on thursday . newline_char the statement said that mandela had the “ best possible expert in medical treatment and comfort. newline_char mandela spent nearly three weeks in a hospital in december for treatment of a lung infection and gallstone surgery . newline_char " the doctors advise that former president nelson mandela is responding positively to the treatment he is undergoing for a recurring lung infection , " the presidency said in a statement . newline_char “ during these trying times we wish president mandela well and for his family to be strong , " he added . newline_char ” mandela , 94 , was taken to a hospital just before midnight local time ( 6 p.m . newline_char slideshow : nelson mandela : a revolutionary 's life / view images of civil rights leader nelson mandela , who went from anti-apartheid activist to prisoner to south africa 's first black president . newline_char ” mandela has a history of lung problems dating back to when he contracted tuberculosis as a political prisoner in the notorious robben island jail under the apartheid regime . story_separator_special_tag story highlights mandela remains " under treatment and observation , " president jacob zuma says the anti-apartheid icon also was hospitalized earlier this month at the time , officials said it was only for a routine checkup mandela , 94 , has been treated for a lung infection before former south african president nelson mandela is " responding positively " to treatment after he was readmitted to a hospital overnight for a recurring lung infection . newline_char mandela was conscious when he was taken to the hospital just before midnight wednesday , zuma 's office said . newline_char president jacob zuma 's office passed along the doctors ' assessment of mandela , the 94-year-old anti-apartheid icon and nation 's first black president .
