nners * newt gingrich : the former house speaker didn ’ t do anything different in this debate than he had in any of the hundreds — we are exaggerating , but only slightly — that preceded it . newline_char if you went into the debate undecided on gingrich , you likely came out leaning toward him . newline_char another day , another republican presidential debate . story_separator_special_tag here are politico ’ s six takeaways from the debate , sponsored by cnn , the heritage foundation and aei : on immigration , newt ’ s in general election mode newt gingrich drew a clear line on the issue of immigration , declining to take a deport-them-all stand and saying it would be the wrong tack for the “ pro-family ” party to rip people apart from their loved ones . newline_char text size - + reset gingrich on immigration gop on tsa racial profiling paul , gingrich spar on security politico 44 not everyone hit that mark . newline_char the gop debate on national security tuesday night raised far more questions — and exposed far more divisions — than it resolved . story_separator_special_tag he took a risk by going against conservative republican orthodoxy on immigration , and that could backfire , but overall gingrich showed that he has been thinking about these issues for decades . newline_char candidates before a republican presidential debate in washington , tuesday , nov. newline_char winners : newt gingrich success begets success . story_separator_special_tag the former house speaker and newly minted gop front-runner had a strong debate night tuesday -- but might have damaged his candidacy with immigration comments tuesday night 's cnn national-security debate in washington was a meaty affair featuring candidates actually making arguments to defend differing positions -- imagine that . newline_char rick perry defended that same position in an earlier debate -- saying to those who would punish such children , " i do n't think you have a heart " -- it went over like a lead zeppelin with conservatives , many of whom have n't given him a second look ever since .
