en donald trump delivered his first foreign policy speech of the 2016 campaign at a washington hotel last april , a special foreign guest was in attendance : sergey kislyak , russia ’ s ambassador to washington . newline_char story continued below afterward , kislyak sat near the front and listened as trump bashed the washington foreign policy status quo and repeated his controversial call for a new dawn in u.s.-russian relations . story_separator_special_tag separately , a white house official confirmed trump 's son-in-law jared kushner and ousted national security adviser michael flynn met with kislyak at trump tower in december for what the official called a brief courtesy meeting . newline_char ( associated press ) washington ( ap ) — the trump administration 's back-to-back controversies over its russian ties now have at least one thing in common : ambassador sergey kislyak . newline_char 6 , 2013 , file photo , sergey kislyak , russia 's ambassador to the u.s. speaks with reporters at the center for the national interest in washington . story_separator_special_tag kislyak ’ s two meetings with jeff sessions caused the attorney general on thursday to recuse himself from investigations into whether russia meddled in the us elections ; sessions is now facing calls to resign . newline_char jeff sessions recuses himself from russia inquiry amid calls for resignation read more kislyak ’ s conversations with the former national security adviser michael flynn led to flynn being forced to quit on 13 february for giving a misleading account to the vice-president , mike pence , about his contacts with the ambassador . story_separator_special_tag sergey kislyak ( left ) met twice with jeff sessions in 2016 before he was appointed attorney general in the trump administration . newline_char on his third extended posting to the united states , kislyak finds himself at the heart of a political firestorm in washington , his encounters with associates of president donald trump under close scrutiny .
