answered questions lead researcher dr robin allaby , of the university of warwick , said : " we found ancient dna evidence of wheat that was not seen in mainland britain for another 2,000 years . newline_char image caption the deposits came from 8,000-year-old sediment cores from bouldnor cliff , near yarmouth dna from an archaeological site off the isle of wight suggests there was an international wheat trade 2,000 years before agriculture came to britain . newline_char when the dna was deposited , the english channel was yet to be formed and britain was part of mainland europe . story_separator_special_tag in fact , there 's never been evidence that wheat was cultivated in britain earlier than about 6,000 years ago . newline_char it seems they were getting their wheat from europe , where agriculture had already established itself . newline_char food for thought stone age britons were eating wheat 2,000 years before they farmed it i itoggle caption darren staples/reuters/landov darren staples/reuters/landov scientists have learned a lot about our distant ancestors from dna that 's thousands of years old . story_separator_special_tag the wheat dna was dated to 8,000 years ago , 2,000 years before stone age people in mainland britain started growing cereals and 400 years before farming reached what is now northern germany or france , they wrote in the journal science . newline_char british scientists found traces of wheat dna in a stone age site off the south coast of england near the isle of wight , giving an unexpected sign of contact between ancient hunter-gatherers and farmers who eventually replaced them . newline_char " we were surprised to find wheat , " co-author robin allaby of the university of warwick told reuters of finds at bouldnor cliff . newline_char oslo stone age britons imported wheat about 8,000 years ago in a surprising sign of sophistication for primitive hunter-gatherers long viewed as isolated from european agriculture , a study showed on thursday .
