tory_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag ( associated press ) palestinians burn a u.s. flag during a protest as part of widespread anger across the muslim world about a film ridiculing islam 's prophet muhammad in the west bank city of nablus , friday , sept.14 , 2012 ... newline_char ( associated press ) an indian protester kicks at a graffiti of the american flag on a wall of the u.s. consulate during a protest against the anti-islam film which depicts the prophet muhammad as a fraud , a womanizer and ... newline_char ( associated press ) a boy holds a toy gun during a protest about a film ridiculing islam 's prophet muhammad in the palestinian refugee camp of ain el-hilweh near sidon , lebanon , friday , sept. newline_char hundreds of iraqis demonstrated in baghdad 's northern sunni neighborhood of azamiyah to protest the anti-muslim film , demanding ... newline_char hundreds of iraqis demonstrated in baghdad 's northern sunni neighborhood of azamiyah to protest the anti-muslim film , demanding ... newline_char ( associated press ) protesters run from tear gas released by riot police during clashes near the u.s. embassy in sanaa , yemen , friday , sept. newline_char ( associated press ) lebanese riot police stand guard before a group of protesters , angry over the prophet film , attacked american fast food restaurants after friday prayers , in the northeastern city of tripoli , lebanon , ... newline_char . ( associated press ) palestinian islamists burn an effigy portraying u.s. president barack obama during a protest about a film ridiculing islam 's prophet muhammad in the palestinian refugee camp of ain el-hilweh near sidon , ... newline_char . ( associated press ) iraqis chant slogans during a protest in baghdad , iraq , friday , sept. newline_char ( ap photo/bernat armangue ) ( associated press ) lebanese protesters attack american fast food restaurants after friday prayers , pouring petrol on the restaurants and setting them on fire in the northeastern city of tripoli , lebanon , friday sept.
