ory highlights " i believe hillary clinton has the wisdom and experience to lead our country at this critical time , " scowcroft said despite his long history as a republican adviser , scowcroft has shaped democratic views as well ( cnn ) hillary clinton , the presumptive democratic presidential nominee , received an endorsement wednesday from a heavyweight foreign policy adviser to republican presidents . newline_char scowcroft directly rebutted trump 's claim that clinton does not have the temperament to lead , citing her experience working on high-pressure issues such as iran and israel . newline_char " his endorsement was released hours after the republican presumptive nominee donald trump launched a broad attack on clinton 's experience , honesty and foreign policy experience in a 40-minute speech . newline_char bush and president ronald reagan , announced last week that he will vote for clinton over trump . newline_char bush , said clinton " brings truly unique experience and perspective to the white house . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag he accused clinton of announcing a withdrawal from iraq that was n't on her watch , pulled numbers out of nowhere on her plan for refugees and went beyond the established facts behind the killing of the u.s. ambassador to libya in stating starkly that she " left him there to die . newline_char a look at some of his assertions and how they stack up with the facts : trump : " in just four years , secretary clinton managed to almost single-handedly destabilize the entire middle east . newline_char ( ap photo/mary altaffer ) ( associated press ) washington ( ap ) — donald trump 's fierce denunciation of hillary clinton on wednesday was rife with distortion . newline_char " he blamed her for an invasion of libya that " handed the country over to isis , " for making iran the dominant islamic power in the region and for supporting regime change in syria that led to a bloody civil war .
