s theory : the cubans were employing a microwave weapon against u.s. embassy employees , causing sonic delusions and “ very real brain damage ” . newline_char microwave antennas could also be embedded within the embassy walls , along with some kind of aiming device , but they would be easy to detect . newline_char he based his theory on the microwave auditory effect , in which pulses of microwave energy of the sort emitted by radar elicits auditory sensations in exposed individuals . newline_char to elicit auditory sensations , individuals must be exposed to intense but brief ( microsecond ) pulses of microwave energy . newline_char to induce such an effect , one could cobble together a device from a military radar set or a commercial microwave generator , such as the one i used in my original experiments , and then direct a beam at a distant target . newline_char they talked about hearing strange sounds , triggering speculation the cubans were employing a new acoustic weapon to harass embassy employees . story_separator_special_tag havana ( cnn ) a cuban government investigator looking into reports of mysterious acoustic attacks on us and canadian diplomats on the communist-run island on monday dismissed a us government theory that microwave weapons emitting concentrated beams of radiation may have been used in the incidents . newline_char valdes-sosa said for a microwave weapon to work it would have to been used at a close distance , and none of the diplomats reported seeing the alleged perpetrators . newline_char valdes-sosa said researchers and investigators are working on a paper to rebut the microwave weapons theory . newline_char though a march report based on the examinations of 21 diplomats who served in cuba did n't link the attacks to microwaves , the study 's lead author , douglas smith , director of the university of pennsylvania 's center for brain injury and repair , told the new york times that us diplomats in cuba and china likely suffered brain injuries and that microwaves are considered the culprit . story_separator_special_tag 
