ory highlights france 's lower house of parliament approves the bill 329 to 229 the legislation must be passed by the senate before it can become law the roman catholic church and other religious groups in france are opposed supporters say same-sex couples should have equal rights to marry and adopt children same-sex marriage in france came one step closer to legality tuesday , as lawmakers in the lower house of parliament approved a controversial bill that would extend the right to marry and adopt to same-sex couples . newline_char uk lawmakers took a big step last week toward legalizing same-sex marriage when they approved the second reading of a bill in the house of commons . newline_char must watch open mic : french on same-sex marriage 02:05 just watched uk mps approve legal same-sex marriage replay more videos ... newline_char must watch uk mps approve legal same-sex marriage 06:35 just watched gay bishop takes message on road replay more videos ... newline_char extending the right to marry and adopt to same-sex couples in france was one of president francois hollande 's electoral pledges in campaigning last year . newline_char france is not the only nation currently wrestling with the polarizing issue of same-sex marriage . newline_char in the united states , where president barack obama has voiced his personal support for same-sex marriage , it has been legalized in nine states and the district of columbia -- but many people remain vehemently opposed . story_separator_special_tag france ’ s lower house voted by a clear majority on tuesday to approve the government ’ s marriage reform , which will allow same-sex couples the same spousal and adoption rights as their heterosexual counterparts . newline_char france 's national assembly approved the government ’ s controversial ‘ marriage for all ’ bill in a final vote on tuesday after months of fierce debate . newline_char the anti-gay marriage camp , largely driven by the catholic church , has accused president hollande of pushing through legislation without proper consultation .
