leman says the night before the crash she was taking part in the osu homecoming tradition known as 'walk around ' where people walk through neighborhoods admiring decorations . newline_char tony coleman spoke sunday and says he spent a little over an hour with chambers saturday night . newline_char please enable javascript to watch this video oklahoma city -- the attorney representing the woman arrested in the deadly osu homecoming parade crash says she was not intoxicated and suffers from mental illness . newline_char adacia chambers , 25 , is charged in connection with plowing her car into a crowd of people watching the end of the osu homecoming parade saturday morning . newline_char miss chambers suffers from mental illness , as to what type has yet to be determined . newline_char coleman says he is trained in dui and dwi detection and says his client did not suffer from any of the normal signs of having been drunk or under the influence of drugs . story_separator_special_tag adacia chambers is being held in jail on four counts of second-degree murder for saturday 's deadly crash , which killed four people and injured dozens more . story_separator_special_tag chambers ' mother also reportedly suffers from bipolar disorder and has been hospitalized in the past due to her illness , coleman said . newline_char “ i do n't believe right now that she was intoxicated , ” said chambers ' attorney , tony coleman . newline_char gaylord also reportedly interrupted two attempts by chambers to slash her wrists , coleman said , but does n't think the incident was intentional or a suicide attempt . newline_char coleman said he 's met with people who saw chambers the night before , the morning of and just newline_char an expert in alcohol intoxication , coleman believes that his client suffered a blackout caused by underlying physical or mental problems . newline_char her boyfriend , jesse gaylord , told him that she suffers from diabetes , but is not being treated or medicated for the condition , coleman said .
