e new federal case represents an escalation of the long-running battle between the trump administration and california , whose democratic governor , jerry brown , and attorney general , xavier becerra , have positioned themselves as ideological opponents to the white house on matters from immigration and climate change to criminal justice . newline_char et the justice department is suing california and two top state officials , accusing them of interfering with federal immigration efforts by passing and enforcing state laws that hinder u.s. operations against undocumented people . newline_char the u.s. justice department is also locked in courtroom battles with california and other jurisdictions over its threats to withhold federal law enforcement grant money from sanctuary cities , which refuse to voluntarily share information with immigration agents . newline_char justice department lawyers argue that california is blocking enforcement efforts by the department of homeland security and imposing other , impermissible obligations on the federal government . newline_char one bars private employers from voluntarily cooperating with federal immigration officials and requires businesses to notify workers in advance of a federal raid . newline_char attorney general jeff sessions , a longtime proponent of immigration restrictions , will speak wednesday at an annual law enforcement legislative day hosted by the california peace officers ' association in sacramento . newline_char in essence , the court 's five-justice majority said that federal law trumps state law in the immigration area , lest each state develop its own policy toward immigrants . newline_char " the department of justice and the trump administration are going to fight these unjust , unfair and unconstitutional policies that have been imposed on you , " sessions will tell that group , according to an advance excerpt of his remarks . newline_char brown issued a statement tuesday night that called the federal lawsuit " sad ! newline_char those officials said the justice department is in the process of reviewing other state immigration laws . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag 
