e second joe biden suggested that the white house might enact " executive actions , executive orders " on guns , the gun lobby smashed the glass and hit the alarm . newline_char propose rulemaking to give law enforcement the ability to run a full background check on an individual before returning a seized gun . story_separator_special_tag 14 , titled clearly as " issue a presidential memorandum directing the centers for disease control to research the causes and prevention of gun violence " : conduct research on the causes and prevention of gun violence , including links between video games , media images , and violence : the president is issuing a presidential memorandum directing the centers for disease control and scientific agencies to conduct research into the causes and prevention of gun violence . newline_char the cdc will start immediately by assessing existing strategies for preventing gun violence and identifying the most pressing research questions , with the greatest potential public health impact . story_separator_special_tag president barack obama , accompanied by vice president joe biden , left , hugs eight-year-old letter writer grant fritz during a news conference on proposals to reduce gun violence , wednesday , jan. newline_char ( associated press ) president barack obama , accompanied by vice president joe biden , talks about proposals to reduce gun violence , wednesday , jan. newline_char . ( associated press ) president barack obama , accompanied by vice president joe biden , law enforcement officials , lawmakers and children who wrote the president about gun violence following last month 's shooting at an elementary ... newline_char ( associated press ) president barack obama , accompanied by vice president joe biden , talks about proposals to reduce gun violence , wednesday , jan. story_separator_special_tag the white house created a web page with video testimonials from victims of gun violence and a sign-up for supporters to help advocate the president ’ s plan .
