 did this by experimentally manipulating emotion with video clips in two experiments ( specifically , sadness and amusement in experiment 1 , and sadness and neutral emotion in experiment 2 ) and measuring color perception ( specifically , accuracy in identifying desaturated colors ) . newline_char abstract past research has shown that emotion can influence low-level visual processes , including color perception , that may play a role in higher-order vision . newline_char moreover , the prevalence of linguistic pairings between emotions and color words suggests that emotional experience and color perception may be linked . story_separator_special_tag “ color is such an important part of our experience , ” says lead author christopher thorstenson , a psychologist at the university of rochester . newline_char a recent study published in the journal psychological science shows a direct connection between a person ’ s ability to perceive color and their emotions . newline_char in fact , being down in the dumps might even affect how you perceive the color blue . story_separator_special_tag “ we were already deeply familiar with how often people use color terms to describe common phenomena , like mood , even when these concepts seem unrelated , ” the study ’ s lead author christopher thorstenson said in a statement for the association for psychological science . story_separator_special_tag in two experiments , people who felt sad performed worse on a color accuracy test than those who felt either amused or neutral . newline_char if recent data is to be believed , color may influence cognition and behavior , say the researchers . newline_char a new university of rochester study suggests our ability to perceive color may indeed be flavored by our moods . newline_char experiments have shown " exposure to the color red can subsequently impair performance on challenging cognitive tasks , elevate the perceived attractiveness and health of faces , and reduce food intake , " they wrote .
