thorities identified the suspect as akayed ullah , an immigrant from bangladesh who came to the united states in 2011 . newline_char ’ ’ ullah was taken to bellevue hospital in manhattan , where he again spoke to investigators , law enforcement officials said . newline_char the fbi and the new york police department were investigating , and charges in federal court were expected to be filed against ullah soon . newline_char the pipe bomb , affixed to ullah ’ s clothes with velcro and zip ties , detonated about 7:20 a.m. as he walked in an underground passageway from the subway station at 42nd street and eighth avenue to a nearby station at seventh avenue , police said . newline_char ullah told investigators that he was inspired by propaganda from the islamic state terror group , according to law enforcement officials . newline_char new york — a 27-year-old man detonated a crude pipe bomb strapped to his body inside a crowded manhattan subway passage monday morning , according to police — sending terrified commuters running for the exits and counterterrorism officials racing to unravel the second terrorist attack in the city in less than two months . newline_char ullah began talking to authorities as he lay on the ground , according to law enforcement officials . newline_char the attack — which left the suspect wounded but otherwise caused only minor injuries to three commuters — immediately rekindled public debates about terrorism , public safety and immigration . newline_char investigators were able to determine he meant to detonate the bomb at that spot in the tunnel , in part because that is where he surreptitiously connected a small battery to a set of christmas lights in the pipe bomb , officials said sam and patricia sladnick , who had been in town visiting relatives , were entering the port authority bus terminal when they heard an explosion and saw people start to run . story_separator_special_tag ullah , 27 , strapped a pipe bomb to his body and set out to detonate it in a times square subway station , the police said , not only causing chaos among crowds of commuters , but also leaving behind a trail of mystery that baffled those who knew him . newline_char ullah at the mosque . story_separator_special_tag 
