erapy using the protein , which the ottawa researchers have already proved in animal models , will likely be ready for clinical trials in patients with right heart failure and myocardial infarction — heart attack — in two or three years . newline_char when ottawa researchers publish a paper about a protein that can used to treat heart disease on tuesday , fellow scientists in california will probably be saying , “ doh ! story_separator_special_tag a protein called cardiotrophin 1 might be an effective treatment for heart failure , according to researchers who found that it tricks the heart into growing in a healthy way . newline_char researchers from canada have shown that it may be possible to trick the heart into growing healthily , without having to exercise . newline_char researchers from canada have shown that it may be possible to trick the heart into growing healthily , without having to exercise . newline_char the condition commonly results from heart muscle damage following a heart attack , the main cause of which is coronary artery disease . story_separator_special_tag researchers have discovered that a protein called cardiotrophin 1 ( ct1 ) can trick the heart into growing in a healthy way and pumping more blood , just as it does in response to exercise and pregnancy . newline_char " we found that ct1 causes heart muscles to grow in a more healthy way and it also stimulates blood vessel growth in the heart . newline_char they show that this good kind of heart growth is very different from the harmful enlargement of the heart that occurs during heart failure . newline_char it occurs when the heart ca n't pump enough blood through the body , often because a heart attack has damaged the heart muscle tissue . newline_char they found : heart muscle cells treated newline_char " when part of the heart dies , the remaining muscles try to adapt by getting bigger , but this happens in a dysfunctional way and it does n't actually help the heart pump more blood , " said dr.
