partment of national parks , wildlife and plant conservation ( dnp ) /afp/file / handout premchai being arrested for poaching thai officials will test human faeces found at a campsite in a wildlife sanctuary to try to prove their case against a tycoon accused of poaching a leopard . newline_char chaiwat limlikitaksorn , head of a special task force with the department of national parks , wildlife and plant conservation , said the discovery of the excrement was important because it was near the campsite and he did not believe premchai would wander deep into the woods for such a purpose . newline_char the thungyai naresuan national park where premchai was arrested is in tourist-friendly kanchanaburi province . newline_char premchai , president of italian-thai development company which built bangkok 's suvarnabhumi airport among many other major projects , denied poaching after his arrest . newline_char " it can prove that he was there , he can not say he was not there , " chaiwat said , adding that the waste would be tested for premchai 's dna . newline_char construction magnate premchai karnasuta has denied poaching charges levelled against him and three others . newline_char he and his camping colleagues have been bailed while the case is under investigation . newline_char the junta which seized power in 2014 is on the back foot over a luxury watch scandal that has engulfed the defence minister , and allegations that the ex-police chief borrowed nearly $ 10 million from a fugitive brothel owner . newline_char rich and influential thais have a habit of avoiding justice . story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . newline_char crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . newline_char that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page 's authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
