police responded to a report of a gunshot victim thursday morning around 10:45 a.m. police said the shooting that happened in the 300 block of east washington street started with an argument . newline_char police said the fight turned physical and then one of the subjects , identified as 44-year-old michael jermell hatton , produced a firearm , shooting the other man at least once outside the shop . newline_char a man who tells news 3 he is the victim 's brother said the treatment is ongoing at sentara norfolk general hospital . newline_char franklin had previously wanted berry to play her in an upcoming biopic , but berry claimed she could n't sing and would n't do the role justice , according to e news . newline_char a nearby business was fully staffed during the shooting , and men inside recall hearing someone saying , " no , no , no ! newline_char police said the gunshot victim , identified as 47-year-old tony jonathan lundy , is considered to be in critical condition . newline_char both men got emergency medical assessment and treatment by suffolk fire & rescue personnel before being transported to local hospitals for further treatment . newline_char download the news 3 app for updates . newline_char according to police , hatton was treated for his injuries and released from the hospital , and then was taken to the magistrate 's office where the warrants were secured and served . newline_char please enable javascript to watch this video suffolk , va. newline_char instead , jennifer hudson was tapped to play the queen of soul in the film . story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . newline_char crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . newline_char that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page 's authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
