ffett 's annual letter to berkshire shareholders on saturday , the omaha , neb. story_separator_special_tag buffett said berkshire spent more than $ 5 billion last year on property and equipment in the united states – more than 90 percent of the company ’ s total expenditure – and that the overwhelming part of the company ’ s future investment would be at home . newline_char buffett wrote that berkshire had net income of $ 13 billion last year , about 61 percent higher than in 2009 . newline_char buffett ’ s most important constituency – the shareholders in berkshire , an investment holding company . newline_char ” in the face of persistent worries about the american economy , the country ’ s most famous — and closely followed — investor struck a patriotic tone in his annual report to shareholders of his company , berkshire hathaway , writing that “ money will always flow toward opportunity , and there is an abundance of that in america. newline_char buffett also highlighted smaller numbers in trumpeting the thrifty culture at berkshire , which operates from modest offices in omaha , neb . story_separator_special_tag buffett told berkshire ( brka ) shareholders in his annual letter to them saturday that they should brace for more megadeals along the lines of last february 's $ 26 billion buy of railroad burlington northern santa fe . newline_char a year after berkshire hathaway completed its biggest acquisition , ceo warren buffett is on the hunt again . newline_char as buffett has often lamented , the bigger berkshire gets the more difficult it becomes to move the needle with a winning investment . newline_char even at a conservative multiple of , say , 7 times earnings , berkshire 's operating businesses alone are worth $ 42 billion before taxes . newline_char " for the past 10 years we have seen a clear strategic shift toward buying wholly owned businesses over publicly traded stocks , " said whitney tilson , a berkshire shareholder and value investor who runs the $ 23 million tilson focus fund .
