msay informed the vatican in a november 2000 letter about then cardinal theodore mccarrick 's misconduct with seminarians from seton hall university 's immaculate conception seminary . newline_char he named sandri among a long list of vatican officials who knew about mccarrick 's penchant for seminarians . newline_char ( associated press ) vatican city ( ap ) — a 2006 letter from a top vatican official confirms that the holy see received information in 2000 about the sexual misconduct of now-resigned u.s. cardinal , lending credibility to bombshell accusations of a cover-up at the highest echelons of the roman catholic church . newline_char sandri 's letter is significant because it corroborates ramsay 's story as well as vigano 's claims . newline_char a 2006 letter from cardinal leonardo sandri , a top vatican official confirms that the holy see received information in 2000 about the sexual misconduct of now-resigned u.s. cardinal ... newline_char a 2006 letter from cardinal leonardo sandri , a top vatican official confirms ... newline_char " archbishop carlo maria vigano , at the center of a storm rocking pope francis ' papacy , cited ramsay 's 2000 letter in his own expose of a cover-up about the mccarrick affair . story_separator_special_tag father ramsey said he assumed the reason the letter from then-archbishop sandri , who is now a cardinal and prefect of the congregation for eastern churches , only mentioned " serious matters involving " seminarians and not archbishop mccarrick 's behavior was because accusations against the former cardinal were " too sensitive . newline_char " while father ramsey has said he never received a formal response to the letter he sent in 2000 , he told cns he was certain the letter had been received because of the note he got from then-archbishop sandri in 2006 acknowledging the allegations he had raised in 2000 . newline_char vatican city ( cns ) -- a top official from the vatican secretariat of state acknowledged allegations made by a new york priest in 2000 concerning archbishop theodore e.
