e deadly confrontation between gilbert flores and two bexar county sheriff deputies took place friday after authorities were called to a domestic disturbance at a northwest san antonio home , police said . newline_char the shirtless flores can been seen standing with his hands up next a sheriff 's suv as two deputies take aim from about 10 yards away . newline_char ( bexar county sheriff ) flores , 41 , who had a criminal past and was armed , was shot by two deputies after non-lethal weapons proved unsuccessful in subduing him during a 20-minute struggle , cops allege . newline_char " parents of slain reporter : " we are no longer a civilized nation " police said they found a woman with a cut on her head and a baby who appeared to be injured when they arrived around 11:30 a.m. gilbert flores , 41 , who had a criminal past and was armed , was shot by two deputies in san antonio , texas , after non-lethal weapons proved unsuccessful in subduing him during a 20-minute struggle , cops allege . story_separator_special_tag bexar county sheriff ’ s deputy greg vasquez and deputy robert sanchez shot and killed gilbert flores , 41 , as they responded to a domestic disturbance call at flores ’ home . newline_char the deputies attempted to arrest flores , who , the sheriff 's office said , was armed , but he resisted . newline_char san antonio - the deputies who shot and killed a man friday in the 24400 block of walnut pass have been identified by the bexar county sheriff 's office . story_separator_special_tag gilbert flores , 41 , was shot and killed by members of the bexar county sheriff 's office following a domestic disturbance on aug. newline_char photo : bexar county sheriff 's office image 1 of / 76 caption close image 1 of 76 gilbert flores , 41 , was shot and killed by members of the bexar county sheriff 's office following a domestic disturbance on aug. newline_char deputies arrived at the scene of a domestic disturbance there where at least one officer opened fire on gilbert flores . newline_char deputies arrived at the scene of a domestic disturbance there where at least one officer opened fire on gilbert flores .
