w the krupas , along with two other women , are suing the commissioner of the new jersey department of banking and insurance , claiming the mandate discriminates against their sexual orientation — essentially forcing infertile homosexual women to pay for costly procedures to try to become pregnant . newline_char william ziegler , the medical director of the reproductive science center of new jersey , said the issue of insurance coverage had long weighed on the field of fertility treatment . newline_char fifteen states , including new jersey , require insurance companies to cover fertility treatment . newline_char the state mandate requires most major insurance companies to cover medically necessary treatments for infertile clients . newline_char mills ’ s insurance company , also horizon , denied her coverage . newline_char “ the specific wording of the new jersey mandate is particularly egregious and one of the most specific and exclusionary , ” ms. newline_char another plaintiff in the case , sarah mills , said she was worried about raising a child with debt from unsuccessful fertility treatments . newline_char california and maryland have updated the language in their mandates to require fertility coverage regardless of sexual orientation . newline_char in a complaint filed last week , the plaintiffs , all lesbians trying to conceive , also sought damages for the cost of their treatments , including artificial insemination and in vitro fertilization . story_separator_special_tag " we have a medical diagnosis of infertility , and we were denied the medical treatments any heterosexual couple would have if they walked into a fertility clinic , " added erin.reproductive endocrinologist dr. newline_char they say state law allows insurance coverage for fertility treatments for heterosexual couples , but not for lesbian couples . newline_char after $ 50,000 in fertility treatments , a half dozen miscarriages , four for erin and two for marianne , their five-year quest for motherhood now involves a new course of action ... newline_char miller says.the krupa 's lawsuit targets the head of the state 's department of banking and insurance .
