ponents to proposition 1 are happy that companies which do operate should have a stricter vetting process that reduces the chances of drivers committing crimes . story_separator_special_tag austin , texas ( reuters ) - on-demand ride companies uber and lyft suffered an embarrassing defeat in a saturday election in austin as voters backed a measure requiring fingerprint background checks for drivers . newline_char campaign signs concerning a municipal vote over fingerprint requirements for ride-hailing companies such as uber and lyft are seen along a roadway in austin , texas , may 6 , 2016 . newline_char the costly municipal election in austin came as other cities consider imposing fingerprint-based background checks on drivers . newline_char other places battling over fingerprints include atlanta and houston , which along with new york is one of the two major u.s. cities where uber operates even though its drivers are required to undergo the fingerprint background checks . newline_char the city ordinance calls for all ride-hailing service drivers to have fingerprint-based criminal background checks , while the ride-hailing companies backed one that does not . newline_char the stakes were high for the privately held uber [ uber.ul ] and lyft , which say their background checks are already rigorous and ensure safety . newline_char “ unfortunately , the rules passed by city council don ’ t allow true ridesharing to operate , ” lyft said , adding it will suspend operations in austin as of monday . newline_char the austin election marked the first time a major u.s. city put the regulations to a vote , which happened after a petition drive by ridesharing works for austin , the political action group underwritten by uber and lyft . newline_char reuters/jon herskovitz the two companies spent more than $ 8 million to repeal a city ordinance requiring the fingerprint-based criminal checks and launched what turned into the most expensive race in the texas capital ’ s history . story_separator_special_tag 
