shington ( ap ) — the national portrait gallery is unveiling portraits of former president barack obama and former first lady michelle obama . newline_char barack obama 's portrait was painted by kehinde wiley — an artist best known for his vibrant , large-scale paintings of african-americans . newline_char for michelle obama 's portrait , the gallery commissioned baltimore-based artist amy sherald , first-prize winner of the portrait gallery 's 2016 outwin boochever portrait competition . newline_char obama 's story_separator_special_tag barack obama 's choice of wiley makes him the first african-american artist to execute an official presidential portrait for the national portrait gallery . newline_char wiley apparently took thousands of photographs of obama in order to create the portrait , a process different than the typical " sittings " required for most portraits . newline_char sherald 's work is less about realism in composition and more about shape and color ; like wiley , the choice of sherald ushers in a new era of presidential portrait . newline_char barack obama 's portrait " how about that ? newline_char obama said he tried to negotiate with wiley about his look for the painting . newline_char michelle obama 's portrait michelle obama said she " was a little overwhelmed , to say the least , " after her portrait was unveiled . newline_char " for her portrait , michelle obama chose baltimore-based artist amy sherald . newline_char the former president chose kehinde wiley , a yale university-trained painter famous for his depiction of african-americans posed in the style of old master paintings , regal , formal and filled with pops of color . newline_char wiley 's background choice was also indicative of obama 's background . newline_char obama 's newline_char obama also asked wiley , who often depicts his subjects as regal and god-like , if the could ease up on those flourishes . newline_char the obamas looked at the portfolios of more than two dozen artists before deciding on wiley and sherald .
