burbicon is a peaceful , idyllic suburban community with affordable homes and manicured lawns ... newline_char this is suburbicon . story_separator_special_tag the talent in front of and behind the camera for george clooney 's latest directorial effort , the 1950 's satire " suburbicon , " has accumulated heaps of oscar gold . newline_char opening with an advertisement for a cookie-cutter levittown-style suburb called suburbicon , we plunge into this world of big hair , big skirts , perfect lawns and nuclear families . newline_char " suburbicon " is a grotesque frankenstein 's monster stitched together from parts of " pleasantville , " " fargo , " " far from heaven " and " the informant ! newline_char " suburbicon " fundamentally fails in asking its audience to do two wildly different things at the same time . story_separator_special_tag the perfect veneer of 1950s suburban life is just a mask for the deep rot and hypocrisy festering underneath the trimmed lawns in george clooney 's " suburbicon , " a derivative and somewhat edgeless satire with some compelling performances nonetheless . newline_char clooney directs a script credited to joel and ethan coen , himself and grant heslov about a model community , suburbicon , that promises a perfect suburban existence : a parcel of property for all , clean and well-stocked grocery stores , no traffic and friendly neighbors . story_separator_special_tag he pops up for a couple of scenes as an insurance investigator halfway through “ suburbicon , ” evolves on the spot from mild patience to testy suspicion followed by snide cynicism , then departs with the movie stolen and stuffed into his back pocket . newline_char an animated opening sequence introduces us to suburbicon , an oddly named neighborhood where every new eisenhower-era home looks like the one next door . newline_char retrofitted on the scaffolding of an old script by joel and ethan coen , “ suburbicon ” is a vision of 1950s-era americana set in a hopeful , wholesome suburban community where everything looks absolutely peachy keen .
