north korea 's nuclear test is a challenge to the peace and security of the korean peninsula and northeast asia and beyond . newline_char north korea is facing further united nations sanctions for its underground nuclear test explosion two weeks ago , its biggest and most powerful to date which drew warnings from washington and international condemnation . newline_char so said he wanted to draw attention to the " intensified u.s. hostile policy " toward the democratic people 's republic of korea which has a right to launch satellites for peaceful purposes . newline_char geneva north korea accused the united states on wednesday of contributing to an " unpredictable " situation on the divided korean peninsula and abusing its power in the u.n. security council to impose its " hostile policy " against pyongyang . newline_char but south korea 's disarmament ambassador kwon haeryong took the floor to urge its isolated neighbor to " abandon its nuclear ambitions without delay and embark on the path to peace " . newline_char north korea 's latest nuclear test , its third since 2006 , had been a resolute step in self-defense , so said . newline_char north korea accused the united states on wednesday of contributing to an 'unpredictable ' situation on the divided korean ... newline_char " the u.s. is to blame for the situation on the korean peninsula which is inching close to an unpredictable phase now , " so se pyong , north korea 's ambassador in geneva , told the u.n.-sponsored conference on disarmament . story_separator_special_tag and this month ’ s nuclear test also fuelled concerns that north korea is refining the technical ability to place a miniaturised nuclear warhead on a long-range missile . newline_char north korea says its nuclear weapons can reach the u.s. by agence france-presse wednesday , february 27 , 2013 5:35 edt north korea warned wednesday that the us mainland was “ well within ” the range of its nuclear weapons , as pyongyang continued to ramp up the bellicose rhetoric after its recent nuclear test .
