e obamas still own a georgian-style home in the hyde park neighborhood on the south side of chicago , the city that will house the obama presidential library . newline_char the obamas purchased the kalorama mansion they ’ d been renting . newline_char the $ 8.1 million purchase price makes the obamas ’ new home the second-most expensive in the kalorama neighborhood , behind the $ 23 million that jeffrey p. newline_char ( marvin joseph/the washington post ) looks like former president barack obama and former first lady michelle obama are putting down deeper roots in washington : after renting a kalorama home for their post-white house stint , the couple have purchased the eight-bedroom , nine-and-a-half-bath home for $ 8.1 million , according to property records . newline_char d.c. records show that lockhart sold the home for $ 8.1 million to homefront holdings llc , which is controlled by the obamas . newline_char ” 1 of 8 full screen autoplay close skip ad × a look inside the obamas ’ kalorama home view photos the neighborhood also is home to president trump ’ s daughter ivanka and amazon founder jeff bezos . newline_char the obamas have called the swanky washington neighborhood ( where neighbors include ivanka trump and jared kushner ) their home , but it ’ s really functioned more like a home base for the globe-trotting family . newline_char obama will be in washington for at least another two and a half years , it made sense for them to buy a home rather than continuing to rent property. story_separator_special_tag former president barack obama and former first lady michelle obama purchased the kalorama home they ’ ve been renting since they left the white house in january . newline_char the obamas will continue to be neighbors with ivanka trump and her husband , jared kushner , who live a few blocks away . newline_char obama will be in washington for at least another two and a half years , it made sense for them to buy a home rather than continuing to rent property.
