as the government shutdown enters its third week , senate leaders appear to be waiting for world financial markets to give them a jolt before they make a deal , the washington post reports . harry reid and mitch mcconnell had a conversation yesterday that reid says left him " optimistic about the prospects for a positive conclusion . " but there 's no indication of what a compromise might look like , and democrats are now pushing for a deal that would lift the sequester budget cuts , showing what the new york times calls a " newfound aggressiveness . " the sequester demand has republicans frustrated . " the democrats keep moving the goal posts , " complains sen. susan collins , the centrist gop senator whose plan to resolve the crisis was rejected . bob corker agreed , saying of lifting the cuts , " i just ca n't imagine how that has any possibility of becoming law . " the post worries that the increasingly bitter mcconnell-reid feud could deep-six the deal . things have gotten so bad that their colleagues recently held " the equivalent of an intervention , " the paper says . world bank and international monetary fund leaders urged the us to hurry up and forge a deal , with imf director christine lagarde warning that " massive disruption the world over " looms . a foreign ministry spokesman in china called for american lawmakers to " shoulder their responsibilities , " reuters reports , and a scathing editorial in china 's xinhua state news agency called for politicians to end the " pernicious impasse " —and for everybody else to " start considering building a de-americanized world . " claims that america has never defaulted on its debt are part of every debt-limit battle but the us has stiffed its creditors at least twice , the ap finds . in 1814 , the government ran out of gold and silver to pay interest to bondholders in new england after setbacks in the war of 1812 , and in 1979 , a technical glitch that followed a long debt-limit squabble caused a delay in redeeming maturing t-bills that ended up adding about $ 12 billion to the cost of servicing the national debt .
