bill gates recently offered to donate 100,000 hens to poor countries around the world , but one south american nation looked his gift chickens in the mouth and began squawking . " how can he think we are living 500 years ago , in the middle of the jungle not knowing how to produce ? " cesar cocarico , bolivia 's development minister , told reporters , per reuters . " respectfully , he should stop talking about bolivia . " cocarico also described gates ' poultry philanthropy—mainly extended to impoverished nations in sub-saharan africa—as " offensive , " saying gates should " apologize " once he 's done a little more research into how well bolivia does on the chicken front by itself , the financial times reports , via the verge . he has a point : the country produces about 197 million chickens annually , with the ability to ship about 36 million of them to other nations , a local poultry group says . and data from the bolivian institute of foreign trade notes the country saw a significant increase in the production of chicken meat and eggs from 2008 to 2013 . gates announced his " coop dreams " program earlier this month , noting he 'd met , through his work with the bill and melinda gates foundation , plenty of poor people who raised the birds and that " it 's pretty clear to me that just about anyone who 's living in extreme poverty is better off if they have chickens . " he goes on to say that chickens are a cheap investment with easy maintenance and decent roi , the eggs they pop out help keep kids healthy , and they " empower women " ( a belief his wife apparently shares ) . " it sounds funny , but i mean it when i say that i am excited about chickens , " his post concludes . an enthusiasm obviously not shared ( at least when it comes to his donation ) by what gizmodo labels bolivia 's " leftist , anti-imperialist government . " bolivians " do not need any gifted chicks in order to live—we have dignity , " cocarico sniffed . ( but what about chickens with dinosaur legs ? )
