jane austen wrote , " to be sure , you knew no actual good of me—but nobody thinks of that when they fall in love . " but had she submitted that line to a modern english teacher , she would have gotten docked for grammar . instead of " when they fall in love , " it should be " when he falls in love , " or perhaps the clunkier " when he or she falls in love , " right ? that has long been the prevailing view , but after a slow and steady creep , that view seems to be disappearing . in fact , this year might be the tipping point for acceptance of the " singular they . " quartz , for example , has dubbed singular they its word of the year . and earlier this month , the washington post changed its style guide to accept it , though the guide still encourages reporters to first try to write around it by recasting the sentence as plural , notes poynter . so , " all students must complete their homework , not each student must complete his or her homework , " per the guide . but when that kind of rewrite is " impossible or hopelessly awkward , " writers should employ the singular they . one big factor behind the shift—not just at the post but in newspapers , online posts , and english classrooms across the country—is the increasing acceptance in society of those who identify as neither male nor female . the singular they solves the problem . ( on a related note , the new york times now permits " mx . " as a gender-neutral honorific in place of mr. or ms. , notes quartz . ) grammatical purists may protest , but they are simply wrong , writes english teacher anne curzan at the chronicle for higher education . " there is nothing grammatically wrong with singular they other than the fact that people say there is something wrong with it , " she writes , noting the similarity to the outdated rule , still enforced in places , about not splitting infinitives . adds anna walsh at baltimore 's city paper , " using language that 's more accurately inclusive is something that every grammarian should be able to get behind , regardless of what pronouns they personally use . " ( the internet seems to have invented a preposition . )
