the republican-led house benghazi committee released its final report tuesday after two years of investigations . the 800-page report lays out the committee 's findings on the 2012 attacks in libya that left four americans dead . here 's what you need to know : benghazi is " unlikely to be a potent tool for weakening clinton " in the general election , as the committee and report have little credibility and are n't seen as serious by many , the los angeles times reports . easily distilling the massive report , the washington post lays out its five " most serious accusations , " including that the cia " missed warning signs " and " misread how dangerous libya ... was at the time . " new evidence of “ culpability or wrongdoing ” on clinton 's part is lacking in the report , despite it being “ one of the longest , costliest , and most bitterly partisan congressional investigations in history , " according to the new york times . given a lack of new evidence against clinton , the weekly standard uses the report as a tool for blaming obama . “ the obama administration knowingly provided the american people a false story about the benghazi attack , its causes , and its consequences , " the standard states . how various government agencies responded to the benghazi crisis is one of the more interesting aspects of the report . according to politico , a conference call in the midst of the attack included a conversation about whether marines should wear their uniforms if deployed . marines changed in and out of their uniforms multiple times while waiting for an answer and were never deployed . according to the hill , a democratic lawmaker on the house benghazi committee calls it " one of the saddest exercises i 've ever engaged in " during 20 years in congress . he accuses republicans of hiding the final report from democrats to avoid having it fact-checked . zeroing in on what it calls the " most revealing paragraph " in the report , vox concludes there 's a pattern of spinning " non-damning facts as damning " for the obama administration . the paragraph in question admits there were no us forces close enough to prevent the attack but insists that , in itself , was a failure on the part of the white house . " i think it 's time to move on , " the ap quotes clinton as saying after the release of the report , which she says includes nothing not previously discovered by an accountability board .
