wired says it has uncovered " the strongest evidence yet of satoshi nakamoto 's true identity . " nakamoto , the alias for the creator of bitcoin , has never been unmasked publicly , but wired 's andy greenberg and gwern branwen name australian craig wright , 44 , as the most likely candidate . " either wright invented bitcoin , or he 's a brilliant hoaxer , " they write . australian police seem to be believers : they raided wright 's home in sydney on wednesday , reports the new york times . wired notes that wright—founder of supercomputing firm cloudcroft , per gizmodo—blogged about releasing a " cryptocurrency paper " a few months before the bitcoin white paper was revealed in november 2008 , though that post was edited in 2013 . he also used an encryption key linked to satoshin @ vistomail.com . nakamoto used satoshi @ vistomail.com to introduce the white paper . wright , who owns at least $ 60 million in bitcoin , also has access to 1.1 million bitcoins worth $ 605 million—the same amount attributed to nakamoto . " i am not from the bloody usa ! nor am i called dorien [ sic ] , " wright wrote in a leaked email sent the same day newsweek claimed american dorian nakamoto as bitcoin 's inventor . leaked transcripts from meetings with wright 's attorneys in february 2014 also quote him as saying : " i did my best to try and hide the fact that i 've been running bitcoin since 2009 … by the end of this i think half the world is going to bloody know . " then , in an odd interview at the bitcoin investor conference , a moderator asked wright how he first learned about bitcoin . " um , i 've been involved with all this for a long time , " he said after a long pause . " i—try and stay—i keep my head down . " after sending an encrypted email to wright suggesting he was nakamoto , wired received this response : " you seem to know a few things . more than you should . " with a verified identity , nakamoto could be nominated for a 2016 nobel prize , per coinreport . ( click for more from wired . )
