the us begins its journey into uncharted territory friday when donald trump takes political office for the first time in his life—starting at the top . he will deliver his inaugural address at 11:51am , according to the ap 's timeline , and analysts say it will be one of the most closely watched in history . advisers say that , like many predecessors , trump will issue a call for unity and give his vision of " one america . " experts tell nbc news that trump 's unique and repetitive speaking style will drive the message home and maybe even go a little way toward unifying america . " if i keep saying it , it becomes it , " says new york university neuroscience professor david poeppel . in other coverage : the los angeles times reports that trump has said he looked to the speeches of ronald reagan , john f. kennedy , and richard nixon to prepare—and of the three , nixon might be most relevant . after winning with a minority of the popular vote in the deeply divisive 1968 election , nixon called on the " better angels of our nature " in his inaugural address , saying america had heard too much inflated and bombastic rhetoric . " we can not learn from one another until we stop shouting at one another , " he said . the san francisco chronicle lists five things to look for in trump 's address , including efforts to reassure foreign leaders . ad-libs are also a strong possibility , though analysts say trying to wing it could be a big mistake . the speech was largely written by incoming senior white house adviser stephen miller , politico reports in its guide to inaugural events , which includes viewing tips and the order of the ceremony . the washington post looks at the many demonstrations that will be taking place across the capital on friday , including a few pro-trump events , as well as numerous " counterinaugural " protests . the " let america hear us , roar for trump " group will be sharing dupont circle with a pro-marijuana group that plans to hand out 4,200 joints . time takes a look back at every inauguration day in us history , and at what every president had to say on the occasion . the times of london reports on the " security nightmare " posed by trump 's first ride in the presidential limousine , which will take him past tens of thousands of people between the capitol and the white house . many will be watching to see whether he chooses to walk part of the way as predecessors including obama did . the new york times speaks to five trump voters from very different backgrounds to find out why they traveled to dc for the inauguration . protests are taking place in cities across the world , but in melania trump 's hometown in slovenia , they 're getting ready for a huge party , tmz reports . the atlantic reports that there will apparently be no poetry on the agenda , which is more a sign of the partisan divide than a break with tradition .
