donald trump won the first electoral victory of his life tuesday night and he promised supporters there would be many more to come . " we are going to start winning again and we are going to win so much , " he said at his victory party in new hampshire , per politico . " you are going to be so happy . " trump—who cruised to victory with around 34 % of the vote—went on to repeat campaign promises to build a border wall , " make america great again , " and be the " greatest jobs president that god ever created . " he also slammed fellow new hampshire winner bernie sanders , accusing him of wanting " to give away our country . " here 's what some of the other candidates had to say : marco rubio finally admitted that his debate performance on saturday was a disaster , the washington post reports . " our disappointment tonight is not on you—it 's on me , " rubio , who finished in fifth , told supporters . " i did not do well on saturday night , so listen to this : that will never happen again . " during his victory speech , bernie sanders praised the " yuge " voter turnout and said that what happened in new hampshire " in terms of the enthusiastic and aroused electorate " will happen all over america , reports the hill . " the government of our great country belongs to all the people and not just a handful of wealthy campaign contributors and their super pacs , " he said . in a fiery concession speech , hillary clinton vowed to " take this campaign to the entire country " and " fight for every vote in every state , " reports politico . " it 's not whether you get knocked down that matters , it 's whether you get back up , " she said . ted cruz , claiming he was " effectively tied for third " in the new hampshire race , congratulated trump and john kasich and thanked new hampshire , telling supporters : " your victory tonight has left the washington cartel utterly terrified . " after his second-place finish , kasich told supporters that there was " magic in the air " and the " light overcame the darkness of negative campaigning , " per the boston globe . " in this campaign , i 've become convinced even more about what it takes to win a political campaign and what it takes for somebody to be a leader , " he said . " it 's not just what ’ s up here in the head , it 's also what 's deep in here in the heart . "
