north korea is trying to make sure that no others will be able to defect the way that a young soldier did last week . the fixes are n't exactly high-tech : north korean soldiers were seen digging a big trench in the border area where the soldier first drove and then ran to freedom , reports reuters . they also planted trees , apparently to prevent vehicles from getting through in the future . finally , north korea also seems to have replaced all of its border security guards , reports the yonhap news agency , which surmises that any officers involved are in for serious punishment . details and developments : the soldier : " he 's a pretty nice guy , " the lead south korean surgeon says of the 24-year-old defector , identified only by the name " oh . " the patient likes bruce almighty and csi , though usa today notes it 's unclear whether he saw that us movie and show in the hospital or previously in north korea on the black market . oh faces a long recuperation , having been shot at least five times . one bullet decimated his colon . the surgeon : the incident has put the spotlight , again , on 48-year-old trauma surgeon lee cook-jong . lee is the one giving regular updates after the surgeries he performs , and the washington post reports that he previously became a " national hero " in 2011 when he saved the life of a ship captain shot by somali pirates . that feat became the subject of a medical drama . lee , blind in one eye , also served as the inspiration for a character in a second drama called romantic doctor , teacher kim , which was released last year and gave him certifiable celeb status . the post uses the terms " heartthrob " and " mcdreamy " in the profile . next for oh : the surgeon , taking note of oh 's " jarhead " haircut , jokingly suggested that oh eventually join the south korean military : " he smiled and said that he would never ever go back to the military system again . " when he 's stronger , oh will be debriefed . then he 'll get help with housing , education , and job training from the south korean government , reports the guardian .
