it 's the dawn of a new , uncomfortable day for dr. walter palmer , the minnesota dentist who achieved infamy yesterday when it was revealed he was the hunter who felled the beloved lion cecil in zimbabwe . the new york times and washington post today have more on how palmer and his guides lured the 13-year-old lion out of his sanctuary in hwange national park : according to the chair of the non-governmental zimbabwe conservation task force , palmer 's party sighted the lion at night using a spotlight , and affixed a dead animal to their car to lead cecil from the reserve into unprotected territory . it claims the men scented an area about three-tenths of a mile from the park . cecil was first injured by a shot from palmer 's crossbow , then killed nearly two days later by palmer , via gun . chair johnny rodrigues alleges that " the hunters then found that the dead lion was wearing a [ gps ] tracking collar , which they unsuccessfully tried to hide . " cecil was skinned and beheaded , and his body " left to rot in the sun , " as the times puts it . rodrigues yesterday said the head has been tracked down and impounded as evidence , reports the guardian . the bbc adds that it 's thought cecil was killed july 1 , though his corpse was n't found until days later . zimbabwe national parks and wildlife authority and the safari operators association say " ongoing investigations to date suggest that the killing of the lion was illegal since the land owner was not allocated a lion on his hunting quota for 2015 . therefore , all persons implicated in this case are due to appear in court facing poaching charges . " professional hunter theo bronkhorst and landowner honest ndlovu accompanied palmer and are making that court appearance today ; the poaching charges carry up to 15 years . a parks and wildlife rep told the post professional hunters and landowners are usually the first to be charged in these instances . palmer is reportedly being sought in connection with the case . here 's what palmer has to say .
