more aftermath following the conviction of stanford swimmer brock turner on sexual assault charges , including new allegations of previous troubling behavior he showed toward women—with prosecutors noting he was " on the prowl " the night of the attack and was still in denial as of his sentencing that his actions were criminal , abc news reports . per sentencing documents , a woman at a party the same night turner attacked his victim alleges he became sexually aggressive toward her , grabbing her and kissing her , without encouragement . and in june 2015 , investigators got wind about two other women who ran into turner at a frat party the weekend before the january assault . one said he was " flirtatious " while dancing , and that when she began to feel " creeped out " and tried to turn away , he became " touchy . " meanwhile , a turner supporter facing backlash for calling out the victim 's drinking issued a " defensive apology " to the guardian wednesday . in her statement , leslie rasmussen says people " misconstrued " her defense of turner into meaning she did n't feel for the victim , a " distortion " she blames on the " overzealous nature of social media " and , per the new york times , the fact that she mistakenly thought her court letter would be kept private . " i apologize for anything my statement has done to suggest that i do n't feel enormous sympathy for the victim and her suffering , " she said . the guardian notes that after its own article was posted with her apology , she wrote a follow-up on facebook . " i was not there that night . i had no right to make any assumptions about the situation , " she wrote wednesday evening . " most importantly , i did not acknowledge strongly enough the severity of brock 's crime and the suffering and pain that his victim endured , and for that lack of acknowledgement , i am deeply sorry . " she adds that , at the age of 20 , " it has never been more clear to me that i still have much to learn . " ( new york explains why turner is n't " technically " a convicted rapist . )
