" chilling , " " unsettling , " and " manipulative " is what critics are saying about gone girl , starring ben affleck and rosamund pike as nick and amy , a husband and wife trying to make it in a small town in missouri—just the type of descriptors you probably want for a mystery-thriller about what happens when nick becomes a suspect in amy 's sudden disappearance . here 's what the critics have to say : for mick lasalle at the san francisco chronicle , the movie starts off " brilliant , not just a triumph of story but of strategy , " and maintains that momentum throughout … until the last 20 minutes . that 's when lasalle says the movie " frays " —a " swiss watch of storytelling [ that ] turns into a bad digital clock circa 1986 , flashing the wrong numbers . " he praises the acting , especially that of pike , proclaiming that " everyone who sees gone girl will walk out raving about " her . manohla dargis is similarly thrown off by the shift midway through the film , writing for the new york times that " by the movie 's second half , you may wish that amy would stay gone . " although dargis concedes that david " fincher 's compositions , camera work , and cutting are , as always , superbly controlled , " she adds that the film " plays like a queasily , at times gleefully , funny horror movie about a modern marriage . " but evenutally , " dread descends like winter shadows , darkening the movie 's tone and visuals until it 's snuffed out all the light , air , and nuance . " james rocchi writes at the wrap that fincher 's humor is " the spoonful of sugar that helps the malevolence go down in his films , " and gone girl is no exception , with " top-notch suspenseful storytelling " and " razor-edged wit . " he also lauds the supporting cast ( including neil patrick harris and tyler perry ) as " a thing of wonder " and praises the movie overall as " that rare entertainment that rewards your intelligence instead of insulting it , that rare thriller interested in emotional wounds as much as physical ones . " but gone girl is n't as alluring as fincher 's the social network , laments anthony lane in the new yorker , asking : " who could have predicted that a film about murder , betrayal , and deception would be less exciting than a film about a website ? " the film that lane at first calls " natural fincherland " soon devolves into a movie that " lacks clout . " he also ca n't help but note that gone girl is " meant to inspire debates about whether amy is victimized or vengeful , and whether nick deserves everything he gets , but , really , who cares ? "
