former obama national security adviser susan rice is back in the news again , this time regarding president trump 's wiretapping allegations . on the right , she is being accused of abusing her power while in office to " unmask , " for political advantage , the names of trump associates caught up in intelligence surveillance . trump critics , meanwhile , say the story does n't amount to much and accuse the white house of trying to divert attention from the president 's wiretapping allegations . a look at coverage : a key story comes from eli lake at bloomberg news . he reported monday that rice requested the identities of trump transition officials who were mentioned , but not named , in us intelligence reports . those reports were mostly summaries of monitored conversations between foreign officials talking about the trump transition , but sometimes between trump associates and foreign officials . ( the national security council logs of rice 's requests are apparently what rep. devin nunes went to the white house to view . ) lake 's piece raises questions about why rice wanted those names revealed—she did n't respond to the story—but he also notes that her requests " were likely within the law . " he adds that the story does n't " vindicate " trump 's unsupported accusation that obama wiretapped trump tower . adam housley of fox news also reported on rice 's requests , and his appearance on the network prompted trump himself to weigh in via tweet : " such amazing reporting on unmasking and the crooked scheme against us by @ foxandfriends . 'spied on before nomination . ' the real story . " a post at slate notes that trump associates are under fbi investigation over allegedly improper communications with russians , " so there may well have been urgent , legal reasons for rice to have wanted information about the relationships between specific trump-related figures and foreign individuals . " but the editorial page at the wall street journal accuses the media and democrats of hypocrisy . it wants any trump-russia ties investigated , but complains that the " media have been running like wildebeest after that story while ignoring how the obama administration might have abused domestic surveillance for its political purposes . americans deserve to know the truth about both . " on cnn , don lemon accused the " right-wing media " of helping the white house try to divert attention from the controversy over trump 's wiretapping claims , adding that his show will not " aid and abet people who are trying to misinform you , the american people , by creating a diversion , " he said , per mediaite . the conservative newsbusters blog accused abc , nbc , and cbs of covering up the story by failing to report on the " massive revelation " monday in their evening broadcasts . on msnbc tuesday morning , frequent trump critic joe scarborough blasted the new york times for not having the story on its front page . " what is susan rice unmasking names for and spreading them across the government , " he asked on morning joe , per mediaite . but the times story on the subject ( inside the paper ) generally downplayed the significance of rice 's requests : " former national security officials , who spoke on the condition of anonymity , described the requests as normal and said they were justified by the need for the president ’ s top security adviser to understand the context of reports sent to her by the nation ’ s intelligence agencies . "
