" it was the worst cramping i 've ever had and probably one of the worst pains i 've gone through . and … there 's always that slight uncertainty of ... i do n't really know what i 'm doing . " this interview with a 24-year-old texas woman , part of a university of texas report on reproductive legislation released tuesday , underscores the measures women in the lone star state are taking as access to abortion facilities is restricted , the guardian reports . findings of the texas policy evaluation project are startling : between 100,000 and 240,000 texan women ages 18 to 49 have taken matters into their own hands and tried to induce an abortion at home , with , as the guardian puts it , " varying degrees of success and differing medical consequences . " the report asked an online sample of 779 women if they or their best friends had ever tried to self-induce an abortion , with 1.7 % saying they had and 4.1 % saying their best friend had or they suspected she had , the atlantic reports . extrapolating those figures to the nearly 6 million women of reproductive age in texas is how researchers came to the final numbers , mother jones notes . in terms of methods used to attempt an abortion , the drug misoprostol was the most commonly cited , with others including " herbs or homeopathic remedies , " alcohol , illegal drugs , hormonal pills , and " getting hit or punched in the abdomen , " per the atlantic . texas restrictions on abortions are among the strictest in the us : the 2013 hb2 law has shut more than half the state 's 41 abortion clinics . the ceo of a gynecology and abortion care organization tells the guardian that the result is " tremendously disrespectful . abortion is legal in this country , " she says . " and so every woman deserves to have access to whatever method for terminating her pregnancy safely she might choose in her local community . " ( the supreme court will hear arguments over a provision that could leave just 10 or so abortion clinics open in texas . )
