an amazing , if grisly , feat continues to resonate after a report in thursday 's globe and mail of toronto . the newspaper , quoting military sources , says a canadian sniper in iraq killed an isis militant from the mind-boggling distance of 3,540 meters , or 2.2 miles . the canadian military has not confirmed what would be the longest kill shot by a sniper in history , but the story has in the meantime drawn attention to something else : the remarkable prowess of canadian snipers in general . some coverage : the training : if confirmed , that means the sniper record has been broken four times in the last 15 years , three of those times by canadians , notes maclean 's magazine . one reason , it says , is because canadian snipers " are not simply taught to hit their targets . " the training goes beyond their shooting duties , making sure they 're able to " design and run complex operations " if necessary . " that in itself may not make them better snipers but the gestalt of sniper-training and command-thinking combined could explain their skill . " long history : the cbc examines the history of canada 's military marksmanship , noting that cpl . francis pegahmagabow of the 1st canadian infantry battalion had 378 kills , making him deadliest sniper of world war i . a military historian says the skill carried into wwii . " the best snipers were usually country boys who knew how to hunt . " official statement : the canadian military has not confirmed the kill , but it did confirm the shot . " a member of the joint task force 2 successfully hit a target from 3,540 meters , " it says in an email to npr , adding that it wo n't divulge further details for troop safety . really ? the globe and mail says the shot was verified by video and data , but that has n't emerged yet , and some are skeptical . the washington post talks to former us snipers who say that even seeing a human target would be difficult from that distance , even with advanced scopes . a theory floated by a former marine shooter : " a spotter with an advanced optical device was able to verbally walk the sniper onto the target and correct his aim. ” yes : canadian cpl . rob furlong , who once held the record himself at 2,430 meters , counters the skeptics : “ it ’ s not an impossible distance , ” he says . “ so to the naysayers i would just say , this can be done. ” it 's a " hell of a shot , " adds former canadian sniper jody mitic , who was written a book called , of course , unflinching : the making of a canadian sniper . a critic : in a post at stuff.co.nz , john edens thinks the shot was possible , given high-tech gizmos to account for everything from wind speed to the curvature of the earth . plus , the gun used , a mcmillan tac-50 rifle , employs a 50-caliber bullet the size of a " large cigar . " his beef , though , is with media coverage that he thinks glorifies war . " it 's an achievement to a point , but it 's not really one humanity should be proud of . "
