the house and senate 's failure to reach a deal to resolve the budget brouhaha has left the us without a functioning federal government for the first time in 17 years—and the two sides seem so averse to compromise that it 's anyone 's guess when the shutdown will end . federal agencies have been ordered to " execute plans for an orderly shutdown , " meaning around 800,000 federal workers will be furloughed immediately and another million or so , including border patrol agents and air traffic controllers , will be asked to work without pay , the new york times reports . in the past , federal workers—though not contractors—have been reimbursed for time missed , but it 's unclear whether congress will approve a similar measure this time around , the washington post finds in its guide to the shutdown 's impact on federal workers . politico explains the process for furloughing workers : federal employees do have to go to work today ; once there , they 'll be handed an official notice outlining who is essential . those who are n't will have until mid-day to wrap things up and set up those out-of-office auto-replies . social security and medicare benefits , veterans ' services , and the us postal service will not be affected , but national parks , monuments , and other government offices are closed , and transportation safety inspectors nationwide have been furloughed , the ap finds . the post reports that all but 549 of nasa 's 18,250 employees will be furloughed ... in a slightly cruel twist , on the agency 's 55th birthday . last-minute legislation ensures that members of the military will keep receiving their paychecks . members of congress will also keep getting paid , but their employees will have to either work without pay or be furloughed , the federal times reports . mother jones looks at some of the more quirky casualties : the national zoo 's panda-cam , winery permits , national park service golf courses , bureau of land management 's wild horse and burro adoption programs , and 45 fountains . john boehner has called for a special house-senate committee to resolve the two parties ' differences , but some senior republicans believe the shutdown could last at least a week , the washington post reports . democrats , meanwhile , believe that the funding battle could overlap with debt-limit talks that need to be resolved before october 17 .
