malcolm harris does n't have a problem with more bars—he just thinks those bars should sell pot , not alcohol . in an opinion piece for al-jazeera america , harris offers his take on how marijuana bars would give americans more palatable gathering spaces with fewer health risks , creating an " urban-planning win-win " and possibly even saving lives . some highlights : harris points out the 88,000 deaths annually from excessive alcohol use as noted by the cdc and the " hundreds of billions of dollars a year in lost productivity , health care , and property damage " that the national institutes of health has researched . citing another nih study , harris says that pot would serve as an acceptable " substitute medication " for booze : " from a public health perspective , every drink we can replace with a toke is a victory . " there are few places these days that resemble the famous bar from cheers . " fewer and fewer people have a third place ( not work or home ) where everyone knows their name , " harris writes . because so many people have migrated to the suburbs and holed up with their cable tv and internet , not as many people are heading out to congregate . " these spaces [ would ] promote community integration , friendship , and extrafamilial networks of support , " harris notes . although he 's optimistic that " eventually americans will have public places to go and get high with their friends , " harris thinks government should ease up on strict regulations . " not one amsterdam-style coffee shop has managed to keep its doors open , " he writes . " though owners seem willing to conform to whatever guidelines they 're given , so far , no locality wants to be the first to host an american marijuana bar . " harris also acknowledges some of the logistical hurdles that businesses may have to overcome . " one problem with weed bars is employees ' right to a smoke-free workplace ; even if cops allowed indoor marijuana smoking , no one would be allowed to work there , " he writes . click for his full piece .
