one word keeps showing up in coverage of the first day of brett kavanaugh 's supreme court confirmation hearing : " chaos . " ( see here , here , and here . ) republican sen. john cornyn of texas had a stronger phrase : " mob rule , " while democrat dick durbin of illinois heard the " noise of democracy . " democrats were staging a unified front to try to keep the hearing from proceeding , angry about withheld documents from kavanaugh 's past , including his tenure in the george w. bush white house . the release of more than 40,000 documents monday night seems to have only made things worse , with democrats arguing that it was humanly impossible to review them in time . despite the democrats ' protests , senate judiciary committee charles grassley says he will not stop the hearing , which is expected to last four days , reports politico . other developments : arrests : capitol police arrested 22 protesters on disorderly conduct charges during the morning , reports the washington post . handmaid 's tale : women dressed as characters from the handmaid 's tale were among the protesters outside the hearing room , notes the huffington post . see an image here . the costumes illustrate their concerns that kavanaugh on the supreme court will be a setback for women 's rights . roe v. wade : when the direct questions finally begin , democrats are expected to press kavanaugh on whether he 'd be willing to overturn the ruling that legalized abortion , reports the new york times . the question , said democratic sen. dianne feinstein , is not whether he believes that roe v. wade is “ settled law , ” but “ whether you believe it is the correct law. ” the judge 's views on executive power and gun control also were expected to be examined . 2 views : the interruptions and chaos are about " democratic senators trying to re-litigate the 2016 election and just as importantly , working to begin litigating the 2020 presidential election , " said republican ted cruz , per the ap . but democrat patrick leahy wondered , “ what are we trying to hide ? why are we rushing ? ” excerpts : read excerpts of kavanaugh 's eventual opening statement here via marketwatch . " a good judge must be an umpire—a neutral and impartial arbiter who favors no litigant or policy , " kavanaugh is to say . " i don ’ t decide cases based on personal or policy preferences . i am not a pro-plaintiff or pro-defendant judge . i am not a pro-prosecution or pro-defense judge . i am a pro-law judge . "
