this could change things : some syrian rebels now have antiaircraft missiles , rebels and regional officials say . video footage appears to show the rebels using such weapons , which have been smuggled into the country , the wall street journal reports . rebels say they downed a military helicopter yesterday , one of at least four aircraft reportedly shot down this week—if true , that 's a quicker pace since the summer , although it 's not clear how the copters and jets were brought down . despite the fact that this could be good news for the rebels , it 's bad news for the us , which worries such weapons could end up with anti-western militias . more from syria : the rebels today blew up one oil pipeline and one gas pipeline near deir al-zour , the ap reports , citing state media . meanwhile , at least 20 people were killed in government airstrikes on rebel areas last night and this morning , activists say . though syrian president bashar al-assad has tried to shield damascus , war has now reached the capital , the new york times reports . the fighting is n't as intense as in other cities like aleppo or homs , but it 's drastically increased since a few months ago : checkpoints abound , kidnappings are common , bombings are increasing , and it 's not safe to go out after dark . " how soon before our city , our markets , are destroyed ? " wonders one resident . similarly , syria 's wealthy—many of whom back the president—are now seeing their businesses hurt by the war , and some are losing faith in assad , the ap reports . many have seen factories burned or otherwise affected by fighting , and others have had their money restricted by sanctions . yet more trouble for assad : even his own sect , the alawite minority , is growing discontent , the washington post reports . alawites had been strong backers of assad , as the sunni majority backed the rebellion , because they feared losing power to sunni islamists . but , though there is no indication that alawites plan to join the rebellion , there are reports of rifts even within assad 's own extended family .
