president obama gave the green light last night for the us military to launch airstrikes in iraq , but why now ? some explanations : twofold mission : the us has already dropped food and supplies to iraqis trapped on mount sinjar by extremist fighters from the islamic state , or isis , and it may drop more . as for the airstrikes , targeted ones may be necessary near the mountain to " break the siege " there , says obama , and allow more help to arrive and avert a " genocide . " the bigger reason for the possible airstrikes , however , seems to be to halt the advance of the extremist fighters in the north . 'line in the sand ' : though the us did not intervene as the islamic state swept across much of iraq in recent weeks , the city of irbil in northern iraq " appears to be a line in the sand , " writes dan lamothe in the washington post . it 's the kurdish capital , and the us has diplomats and military advisers stationed there among the american allies . ( the islamic state also reportedly controls the country 's largest dam , in the northern city of mosul . ) how far ? " the question arises : how far is mr. obama willing to go ? " writes peter baker in the new york times . obama said " there is 'no american military solution ' to the iraqi insurgency , pointing again to the need for a new politically inclusive government in baghdad . what he might do if that fails he did not say . and while aides stressed this is a narrow mission , they acknowledged scenarios in which it could expand . " reversal : " the return to military engagement in iraq is a reversal for mr. obama , whose early opposition to the war that toppled saddam hussein , and his promise to end it , fueled his long-shot campaign for the white house , " write carol e. lee and felicia schwartz at the wall street journal . " it also puts a spotlight on what has become a familiar feature of the obama presidency , in which the leader of the most powerful military in the world has become defined by his reluctance to use it . " unity after all ? " ironically , isis 's campaign against the kurds may end up helping unify the iraqi state , " writes joshua keating at slate . the kurds have long been at odds with nouri al-maliki 's government , but now he 's ordering his air force to help them . " iraq ’ s various factions , as well as baghdad ’ s odd-couple patrons , iran and the united states , may be forced to work together to confront the most serious threat the country has faced since the worst days of the iraq war . " full text : read the president 's statement here .
