the 2016 olympics came to an end when rio officially handed things over to 2020 host tokyo sunday night in a jubilant closing ceremony that featured , among other things , japan 's prime minister shinzo abe rising from a pipe dressed as super mario . a look back at some of the best moments from rio : usain bolt 's triple-triple . " i am the greatest , " the jamaican runner declared after winning gold in a third race at a third consecutive olympics . few would quibble with that statement . michael phelps ' swim into history . he took another six golds in rio , giving the " once in 10 generations " swimmer a staggering 23 golds over his career—14 more than any other athlete has ever scored . team refugee . for the first time , the olympics featured a team made up of refugees from the world 's conflict zones . " you have inspired us with your talent and human spirit , " ioc president thomas bach said in his closing address . simone biles ' amazing performance . she won a record-tying fourth gold in one of the greatest olympics a gymnast ever had , displaying what penelope blackmore at the guardian calls " jaw-dropping power , laser precision , and pure dynamism . " almaz ayana 's record-breaking run . some 27 world records were broken in rio . the first to fall inside the olympic stadium was the women 's 10,000-meter record , which the ethiopian runner beat by more than 14 seconds . liina , lily , and leila luik . the estonian women set a different kind of olympic record by becoming the first triplets ever to compete in the marathon . helping hands . america 's abbey d'agostino and new zealand 's nikki hamblin showed true olympic spirit—and won fair play awards—by helping each other after a tumble in the women 's 5,000 meters . the brits who are being called the best couple . kate and helen richardson-walsh not only became the first same-sex married couple to compete in the olympics , they won the field hockey gold . changing of the guard . phelps had an olympic swimming career that might never be matched unless dolphins start competing—though he was beaten in the 100-meter butterfly by 21-year-old singaporean joseph schooling , who grew up idolizing phelps . soccer gold . brazilians breathe soccer , and they got what the ap calls a " perfect finish to an imperfect olympics " when their team beat germany to take the gold .
