you 'd think only good fun could come from george clooney directing matt damon in suburbicon . apparently not so . the satire touching on murder , fraud , and also racism in 1950s suburbia has just a 29 % rating from critics on rotten tomatoes . here 's what they 're saying . " there 's no other way to say it—this movie stinks , " writes katie walsh at tribune news service , throwing out a long list of adjectives : " irritating , faux-edgy , tonally wack , strained , unfunny , " along with " shoddy , shameful . " she complains in particular about a racism subplot that comes across as " condescending " and says the film fails by wanting us to do two things—feel upset about that subplot while finding hilarity in a " satirical family murder insurance scam . ... you ca n't mix nihilism and earnestness . " lindsey bahr calls suburbicon " a derivative and somewhat edgeless satire with some compelling performances nonetheless . " gary basaraba and oscar isaac , specifically , are impressive , bahr writes at the ap . but damon and julianne moore are n't up to snuff . nor is the story itself , which " does n't even go far enough to satirize the hypocritical social mores of the time . " the result feels " so much like something we 've already seen before . " chris klimek was impressed with damon , moore , as well as isaac and child actor noah jupe . too bad they 're in a " tone-deaf ” film that 's " queasy to sit through , " he writes at npr . in condemning racism " in the most broad , perfunctory , awareness-ribbon-wearing way while barely allowing its black characters to speak … suburbicon might be the biggest embarrassment to pious hollywood liberalism since crash won best picture in 2006 , " he writes . colin covert identifies the main problem as the reworking of joel and ethan coen 's script by clooney and grant heslov , who should have made either a crime comedy or a piece of social commentary , but not both . instead , clooney made a film that 's " strikingly bad , too somber to be a comedy and too dizzy to work as drama , " covert writes at the minneapolis star tribune . he does applaud isaac , though . " in a film running a brief 104 minutes , he supplies 90 % of the entertainment in 5 % of the time . "
