donald trump delivered what one analyst calls a " surprisingly serious " speech on foreign policy and counterterrorism monday—but serious may not equal coherent . many analysts were taken aback by the mix of proposals in the speech , which included policies favored by the obama and george w. bush administrations , along with ideas dating back to the cold war and some touches that were pure trump . a roundup of reactions : some elements of trump 's speech on the war on " radical islamic terrorism " were familiar , but what was new was " alarming , " according to the los angeles times editorial board . his calls for a cold war-style " ideological screening test " and a commission on radical islam could be " catastrophically counterproductive , " they write—and " would punish thoughts rather than deeds , " as well as encourage newcomers to the us to conceal their beliefs . former bush administration official peter feaver tells the new york times that he gives trump credit for the " surprisingly serious " speech , but a striking amount of it " depends on counterterrorism ideas developed by the bush administration . " the " good parts are not new , " and " the new parts are not good , " he says . robert burns at the ap believes there was a lot more obama than bush in trump 's disdain for nation-building . obama ditched bush 's large-scale projects in iraq and afghanistan while " trying to keep enough us influence there to prevent those two countries from crumbling , " he writes , noting that trump 's argument that the us should have seized iraq 's oil is n't nation-building , it 's " nation-grabbing . " john noonan , jeb bush 's former national security adviser , tells nbc news that trump is completely correct about obama 's contribution to the rise of isis , and not much else . " the rest of his foreign policy is an absolutely blathering jumble of nonsense , " he says . " i ca n't in good conscience sign my name to it . " at politico , nahal toosi looks at the " extreme vetting " proposal that has replaced trump 's ban on muslim immigration and finds numerous problems . she notes that focusing on regions with a " history of exporting terrorism " would include much of europe , even if only islamist-inspired terrorism is included . trump seemed bored by much of his own speech and only seemed excited when congratulating himself on his prescience or accusing hillary clinton of " wanting to be 'america 's angela merkel , ' " per the lexington column at the economist . the article notes that real cold war veterans will find this election very strange . " the party of eisenhower and reagan has nominated a man who calls looting of foreign assets the highest priority for america in war , and who sucks up to russia , " it says . glenn kessler at the washington post is equally scathing in his fact-checking of the speech . kessler debunks claims , including the notion of an obama " apology tour " in 2009 , and notes that trump was not an outspoken opponent of the iraq war until well after it began—and that he has apparently forgotten that he " was a fervent advocate of intervening in libya . "
