a young black man ventures to white suburbia to meet his girlfriend 's parents but soon realizes he better get out in the first feature film from director jordan peele of comedic duo key & peele . ( he also wrote the script . ) the satirical horror film with its fair share of funny moments currently has a rare 100 % rating on rotten tomatoes . critics explain why : it takes " a promising idea—a black man 's fear as he walks at night down a street in an affluent white suburb " and " delivers on that promise with explosive brilliance , " writes joe morgenstern at the wall street journal . " it 's creepy , funny and scary—truly scary " and " the horrors of racism lurk in every gleefully lurid frame , " adds morgenstern , who was left wondering how peele showed " such confident technique " in his directing debut . the main character , chris , played by daniel kaluuya , comes to recognize the " uncanny subservience of the only other black people he encounters " during his weekend away in this " instant comedy-horror classic about the hilarious nightmare that is existing while black , " aisha harris writes at slate . she wo n't give too much away but says the film , with inspiration from the stepford wives and night of the living dead , is " darkly relevant . " it 's just " so truly , madly , mercilessly entertaining , even when it makes you want to jump out of your skin , " chris klimek writes at npr . he agrees " it 's rare to find a first-time director so fully in command of his tone , " but he also commends a " top-to-bottom great " cast . kaluuya is " especially magnetic , letting us see the grinding gearworks behind his eyes without speaking a word . " peele said he wanted to make a movie he 'd never seen before . " mission accomplished , " writes peter travers at rolling stone . " for a first-time director , working from his own script , peele comes up aces … juggling horror and laughs to skewer the hypocrisies of race in america , " he writes . he adds allison williams is " dynamite , " but kaluuya " is a star in the making . "
