scientists have discovered a talent never seen outside of humans in a small australian bird : the ability to string sounds together to convey different meanings . essentially , " it 's a very basic form of word generation , " researcher andy russell tells the bbc . the team started out by listening to chestnut-crowned babbler birds . rather than sing , they produce " discrete calls made up of smaller , acoustically distinct individual sounds , " an expert says in a press release . two sounds , identified as " a " and " b , " kept getting repeated . for example , the birds used an " ab " call to tell other birds where they were while in flight ( listening birds would look to the sky ) , while a " bab " call told chicks it was feeding time ( listening birds would look at nests ) . rearranging the sounds of the flight call to produce the latter call showed no alteration in the birds ' behavior , and vice versa , proving the individual sounds were in fact the same . " although the two babbler bird calls are structurally very similar , they are produced in totally different behavioral contexts and listening birds are capable of picking up on this , " a researcher explains . russell adds , per the christian science monitor , the babblers may communicate this way because it 's easier to swap existing sounds than make up new ones . what 's perhaps most fascinating is that researchers believe the birds ' " b " sound differentiates the meaning of the call . in other words , it 's the " c " that discerns the words " cat " and " at " in the english language . such distinguishing elements are called phonemes , and this basic example " might help us understand how the ability to generate new meaning initially evolved in humans , " an expert says . " it could be that when phoneme structuring first got off the ground in our hominid ancestors , this is the form it initially took . " russell says the ability likely exists in other animals . ( learn why these " bachelor " birds could save their species . )
