reactions to president obama 's decision not to release the osama bin laden death photos are rolling in—and most seem to disagree with the prez : " while gory photographs would have inflamed some jihadists and wannabes , i believe they would have disillusioned and deflated others , " writes eugene robinson in the washington post . " a heroic myth of invulnerability had been built around bin laden , " which the photos would soundly refute . " the reason to display the photos is to show bin laden for what he really was : not a holy warrior , not a holy anything , but a deluded mass murderer who met the end he so richly deserved . " but , writing on hot air , allahpundit disagrees with robinson . the zarqawi death photos , not to mention the numbers of al-qaeda commanders killed by drone strikes , already warned jihadists " of what awaits if they mess with america . " releasing the photos means treating bin laden " like a big enough deal that the world should gawk at his fate . " by not releasing them , he is " reduced to an afterthought . " many have argued that releasing the photos would put american troops in greater danger from al-qaeda , but the " idea that news should be calibrated by the government to ease the job of the us military makes for a first amendment loophole you could drive a motorized regiment through , " writes jack shafer on slate . " it 's hard to imagine that a death photo of bin laden would elevate al-qaeda and its supporters to some fury that his killing did n't . " in the wall street journal , alan dershowitz calls the decision not to release the photos " only the last in a series of terrible mistakes " in handling bin laden 's body . he 's more aghast that the corpse was not subjected to routine forensic techniques , which could have answered many of the lingering questions : " was he shot in cold blood ? was he shot in the back or in the front ? were his hands raised in surrender ? was he actively resisting ? " burying bin laden at sea " naturally gives rise to suspicions that there was something to hide . "
