a university of virginia sociologist who 's not convinced that liberal families are better off than conservative ones has what he says is more data to back up his theory . w. bradford wilcox says that not only do families who live in " red " conservative counties " enjoy somewhat stronger families " than those who live in " blue " liberal counties : he 's also analyzed data about individual families , not just geographical areas , and finds that self-identified republicans are more likely than self-identified democrats to be married and less likely to be divorced , the new york times reports . and of married people between the ages of 20 and 60 polled in the survey on the institute of family studies website , wilcox found that 67 % of gopers reported they were " very happy " in matrimony , while only 60 % of democrats were , and 60 % of independents . the gap did shrink to three percentage points once certain other demographic factors were taken into account ( e.g. , whites and religious people were more likely to say they have happy marriages ) . however , kevin drum writes for mother jones that we should probably " call it a tie " instead , since the study was done for a right-wing website— " you have to figure it 's as friendly toward republicans as possible , " he notes—and because republicans may simply be less likely to admit when their marriages are rocky . " as wilcox says , 'perhaps republicans are more optimistic , more charitable , or more inclined to look at their marriages through rose-colored glasses , ' " drum points out . but david leonhardt writes for the times that " it also seems possible that the more respect and even reverence for the idea of marriage in conservative communities affects people 's behavior and attitudes toward their marriages , " adding that , " given the widespread anxiety right now about upward mobility … it 's worth looking for potential lessons from any political ideology . " ( a stunning 99 % of evangelical christians said they were happy a few years back . )
