dove 's latest ad idea does n't appear on its bottles—it is the bottles . the company has rolled out " limited edition " body wash in the uk packaged in bottles of various shapes , the idea being that women come in various shapes , too . " every woman ’ s version of beauty is different and , if you ask us , these differences are there to be celebrated , " says a company statement on the real beauty bottles campaign . ( see a company video . ) unfortunately for dove , reaction has been less than kind . at the atlantic , ian bogost digs into the nuances of advertising to point out the campaign 's failings . among the points : imagine a pear-shaped woman in a drug store having to choose between the bottles . " she must also present this proxy for a body—the one she has ? the one she wishes she did ? —to a cashier to handle and perhaps to judge , " he writes . " what otherwise would have been a body-image-free trip to the store becomes a trip that highlights body image . " ditto the general sentiment at quartz : this type of " empowering advertising " just winds up " exploiting the very female insecurities that it claims to destroy , " writes annalisa merelli . " well-intentioned or not , the message behind all of these campaigns is the same we ’ ve always heard : be beautiful . " at adweek , however , tim nudd thinks it 's an " inspired packaging stunt , " one in sync with dove 's theme of celebrating " body-diverse beauty . " the post includes a quote from creator ogilvy uk saying it 's " one of those rare ideas which condenses decades of a brand ’ s legacy in two seconds . " and a post at creativity has the ad among its top five " brand ideas of the week . " but that 's the minority view . a jezebel blogger puts the problem in question form : " what doorway would you walk through if one was labeled 'beautiful bottle ' and the other was labeled 'average bottle ' ? " writes aimee lutkin . " until every woman sees herself as a beautiful bottle , dove ’ s lessons on # realbeauty aren ’ t over . " mashable blogger alex hazlett has some questions , including , " do the body-positive bottles cost the same as normal ones , or will we pay a premium for our empowerment ? " it 's " silly at best , condescending at worst , " writes kristen bellstrom at fortune . companies that champion messages like this might occasionally do some good , but this is a reminder that these campaigns have but one real purpose : " to sell you their stuff . " new york rounds up mocking memes with a common theme : people choosing a different bottle that captures their essence , like one of those bear-shaped honey bottles . and twitter is on fire with put-downs , including this gem : " can someone come over and help me measure my butt so i know which dove body wash to buy "
