the " trial of the century " has begun in south korea , where a vice chairman at samsung electronics faces bribery and embezzlement charges after allegedly giving $ 36 million to president park geun-hye and her close friend choi soon-sil in order to win government support for a 2015 merger . lee jae-yong , also identified as jay y. lee , faces five years to life in prison if convicted and is expected to learn his fate within three months , though years of appeals could follow . the latest : samsung has admitted donating about $ 17.5 million to foundations controlled by choi , but lee says it was forced to do so by park , per yonhap news . however , lee says he provided money and a horse to help the equestrian career of choi 's daughter , per the bbc . a prosecutor has described this as the " trial of the century " and a lawyer previously involved with the case explains why : it " will draw attention from around the world , not just for the defendant 's fame abroad , but also for the size of the alleged bribe , " he says . " every step will be contentious , " reports bloomberg . in the first court hearing thursday , lee 's lawyers attempted to show a powerpoint presentation , only to have prosecutors fiercely object . defense lawyers then complained about a special prosecutor 's involvement in the hearing . in some ways , park is also on trial . a constitutional court is set to decide whether to uphold her impeachment on friday , a decision that could lead to an election within two months . bloomberg reports any decision is " almost certain to provoke protests . " it wo n't be anything new . people have been protesting in seoul for months , many outraged over what they view as " chronic corruption " in dealings between the government and family-run conglomerates . what does this all mean for samsung 's business ? the company has said its strong management team will ensure all runs smoothly . but without lee at its head , major decisions for the company could be delayed .
