mark sanford appears to be bent on digging himself ever deeper into the hole he 's in : the latest headline-getting incident involving south carolina 's ex-governor has sanford publishing the phone numbers of people who called him ... after he invited people to call him in a full-page newspaper ad . here 's how it went down , per slate : sanford 's unbelievably wordy ad ( which started , " it 's been a rough week " and addressed democratic attacks against him and that whole trespassing incident ) invited people to call his campaign office or his cell—and his cell phone number was included—if they had any " further questions . " the house majority pac , which had already been supporting elizabeth colbert busch in her race against sanford , then reprinted that number in a fundraising email suggesting people " take him up on his offer " and call sanford to " ask why he spent hundreds of thousands of taxpayer dollars on luxury travel ! " sanford then took screenshots of that fundraising email and his incoming call history and published it all . his campaign rep explains why he published the numbers : " look , if pelosi and co. are going to bat this hard for colbert busch , there ai n't going to be anything 'independent ' about her . we 're putting it out there to illustrate just how interested pelosi 's allies are in getting colbert busch elected . " sanford is clearly not happy with nancy pelosi , and he showed it in another odd way wednesday : by publicly debating a cardboard cutout of the house minority leader . he did so , he explained , because colbert busch wo n't debate him publicly , so he decided to debate cardboard pelosi instead . ( click to watch the video . ) in news that slate is quick to point out is unrelated , the cook political report recently decided sanford is not so likely to win against colbert busch , deeming the race " lean dem . " ( and indeed , he is trailing his opponent by a 9-point margin . ) but , hey , at least ron paul is endorsing sanford , roll call reports .
