help is finally beginning to reach hundreds of thousands of people struggling to survive in the aftermath of typhoon haiyan . the uss george washington and two us cruisers have arrived in the philippines and will distribute food , water , and medicine , as well as assist search and rescue operations in what the top us commander in the philippines tells the bbc will be an american aid effort on an unprecedented scale . us planes are bringing in supplies and a medical ship is on the way ; britain is also sending an aircraft carrier , notes the bbc . in other developments : supplies from the us and other countries are arriving , but some areas are still in desperate need of relief and " the major challenge is logistics , " a european commission spokesman tells the la times . " with all this aid arriving and at the same time , the various philippine authorities—military , civilian structures , the philippine red cross—trying to distribute aid to so many communities ... obviously there are bottlenecks . " lawlessness in the devastated city of tacloban is also slowing the distribution of aid , the guardian finds . a red cross convoy was allegedly hijacked by armed men and there are rumors that inmates who escaped during the storm have been ambushing people carrying supplies . communist rebels have declared a ceasefire in disaster areas , but troops say there has been at least one attack . some 2,357 people have been confirmed dead , but the toll is expected to rise significantly as remote areas hit hard by the storm are reached . in tacloban , where bodies are being trucked to mass graves , the city administrator says he is sticking by his original estimate of 10,000 dead in the city alone . in a smaller city south of tacloban , the devastation is even worse and a 16-member medical team from california is laboring in extreme conditions to help survivors , nbc finds . the volunteer surgeons—working by flashlight in tanawan 's ruined town hall—believe the region will need help for months . " i don ’ t know when or how we are going to be able to leave , " one doctor says . " this is just the beginning of a wave of misery . " usa today has more on that front : the few doctors in manila are already overwhelmed with hundreds of patients—and those are mostly minor injuries . they 're soon expecting to see big problems like pneumonia , diarrhea , infections , and dehydration . and the new york times looks at a hospital in tacloban that has no power , where victims lay waiting for care . food , water , and medical supplies are short ; one patient interviewed by the times says he has not received painkillers , antibiotics , or even an antiseptic for his wounds .
