details of alleged sexual assaults by bill cosby just keep on coming . today five women describe his purported attacks in blood-curdling detail to the washington post , with some saying they were drugged before the encounter and others claiming they screamed , tried fighting him off , or said they would fight him to the death ( in that case , he allegedly threw two hundred-dollar bills at model tamara green and walked out ) . victoria valentino—an ex-playboy playmate speaking up for the first time—says he drugged her and a friend with red pills in 1970 . then he " opened his fly and grabbed my head and pushed my head down . and then he turned me over . it was like a waking nightmare . " but she never pressed charges : " what kind of credibility did i have ? " denials by cosby lawyers pepper the article , as do quotes from a friend , a writer , and a district attorney who say they heard the women 's accusations years ago . the post also looks at cosby 's marriage to camille cosby , saying " it ’ s unclear how much camille knew about her husband ’ s activities " since six of the alleged sexual assaults occurred at his house . she was reportedly aware of his " selfish " behavior in los angeles , which contrasted with his upstanding life on the east coast as a man studying for a phd and sitting on a board at temple university . yet even there , a temple employee accuses him of drugging her with blue pills and sexually assaulting her . in other cosby news : ex-nbc employee frank scotti tells the daily news that during the cosby show 's heyday , he guarded cosby 's dressing-room door while the comedy star hosted young models . scotti says he then paid off the women with money orders using cash provided by cosby ( he produces the money orders ) . " he had everybody fooled , " says scotti . " nobody suspected . " when cosby appeared on the late show with david letterman , he asked female staffers to do an odd thing : watch him eat curry , gawker reports . a source says staffers hated it but still obliged : " no one would say anything , and he would sit silently eating and make us watch and want us to watch , " the source tells the daily news . click to read about accusations from carla ferrigno , lou ferrigno 's wife .
