a michigan town so small it does n't have a mcdonald 's or a walmart is the setting for a dark triple-murder mystery involving drugs , love-fueled jealousy , and a burned-out car , all outlined in the detroit free press . the brutal killings of heather aldrich , her sister carrie nelson , and nelson 's boyfriend jody hutchinson—all of whom were reportedly asphyxiated—and the discovery of their bodies in a burned-out suv in the woods was linked back to aldrich 's relationship with kenneth brunke , who police and locals say was a gun-happy manistique drug dealer , and his friend garry cordell , who tried to tell brunke that aldrich , the object of brunke 's affections , was using him for drugs . and aldrich did steal a cocaine stash from brunke 's yard , which was followed by a text from brunke ostensibly meant to lure aldrich to come over for some free morphine . aldrich headed to brunke 's house , along with nelson and hutchinson , which is where the story takes a weird turn . at first cordell and his girlfriend , marietta carlson , confessed they and brunke had killed the victims , though the stories kept changing ; brunke denied participating . but then , despite what looked to be certain convictions for all three , carlson died while in custody , and cordell suddenly dropped a bombshell : he and carlson had committed all the murders themselves and brunke had n't been present ( though he says brunke did help set the car on fire with the victims ' bodies in it ) . what some believe : brunke may have paid off cordell , an unemployed drifter , or promised to take care of cordell 's elderly mother if he took the blame . the cryptic statement cordell offered in court when asked about a money exchange only fueled that suspicion : " one man shall die so that the other may live . " cordell was sentenced to life in prison , per wluc ; brunke will likely get five years or less for obstructing justice and lying to a cop when he 's sentenced jan. 21 . ( read all about the fascinating case , including why locals are angry at the county prosecutor , in the detroit free press . )
