with two weeks to go until the midterm elections , passions—and voter turnout—are running high in texas . in houston early monday , thousands of people lined up at a voting location hours before early voting began , the houston chronicle reports . authorities say early voting turnout has been much higher than in 2014 across the state 's biggest counties . renée cross , senior director for the hobby school of public affairs at the university of houston , tells the texas tribune that the numbers are " very impressive . " " we see so much anger or enthusiasm about candidates in much higher numbers than we ’ ve ever seen , " she says . " from a political standpoint , i think there ’ s just as much energy that we ’ ve seen in presidential years . " in other election news : trump praises " beautiful ted . " president trump appeared at a houston rally for sen. ted cruz on monday , where both men made it clear the bitterness of the 2016 campaign was behind them . before he flew to texas , trump told reporters that he now called cruz " beautiful ted " or " texas ted " instead of " lyin ' ted , " reports the washington post . at the rally , the two men embraced and cruz told the crowd that he is looking forward to hitting the campaign trail for trump 's re-election bid in 2020 . trump described cruz 's opponent , beto o'rourke , as " overrated . " " you know what i am ? i 'm a nationalist . " at the cruz rally , trump attacked democrats as a " big risk to the american family " and accused them of " encouraging millions of illegal aliens to break our laws , violate our borders , and overwhelm our nation , " the ap reports . he also attacked globalists , declaring himself to be a nationalist . gop may have the edge in early voting . according to data analyzed by nbc news , talk of a " blue wave " may be overstated : in early voting , republican-affiliated voters have outnumbered democrats in arizona , florida , georgia , indiana , montana , tennessee , and texas , while democrats are ahead in nevada . trump " plans to distance himself from gop losses . " insiders tell politico that while trump is currently describing the midterm vote as a vote on his presidency , he plans to break with recent precedent and distance himself from the results if there are serious gop losses . the sources say trump is likely to blame losses on house speaker paul ryan and senate majority leader mitch mcconnell—as well as the media . one gop insider says trump has said of mcconnell and ryan : " these are their elections ... and if they screw it up , it 's not my fault . " dems lower " blue wave " expectations . trump may not have to distance himself from results : with congressional races tightening , democrats have been trying to lower expectations of a " blue wave , " the hill reports . democratic national committee chair tom perez says he believes this year 's races will be close and control of the house could rest on just a few votes . ( these are the most , and least , political states . )
