reactions to the biggest political upset in recent memory are pouring in from around the globe , and if any world leaders are shaking in their boots , they are n't showing it . a look around : mexico : " i 'm in shock , my stomach aches , i ca n't believe it . this is like watching the titanic sink , " a woman told the los angeles times late tuesday from mexico city , where a thunderstorm was viewed as an omen of tumult . mexico 's peso hit a record low overnight but has recovered slightly , per reuters . " i 'm seeing my savings reduced , " said one man . canada : while some canadians are ready to welcome americans into their " igloos , " others fear trump will tear up the north american free trade agreement , putting a dent in the canadian economy , reports ctv news . if trump approves the keystone xl pipeline , however , it would be considered an economic win . cuba : a political scientist says cuba 's leaders " must be worried . " based on his campaign remarks , trump is likely to reverse obama 's course of a stronger relationship . without us tourism dollars , cubans may suffer . but some who were hesitant that the two countries would become too cozy might actually be pleased . indonesia : some in the world 's most populous muslim country believe they wo n't be able to set foot on us soil for the next four years , per the ap . president joko " jokowi " widodo , however , expects " no change " in indonesia 's " good relations " with the us . china : president xi jinping says he 's " looking forward to working with [ trump ] " and expects they can " manage differences in a constructive way , " stressing the countries ' " special and important responsibility in upholding world peace , " per the ap . russia : with trump , vladimir putin says he hopes to restore relations with the us . " we [ are ] aware that it is a difficult path , in view of the unfortunate degradation of relations , " but " it is not our fault that russian-american relations are in such a state , " he said . israel : israeli leaders are among the most jubilant . the country 's education minister says trump 's victory means " the era of a palestinian state is over . " benjamin netanyahu says trump is a " true friend of the state of israel . " iran : the country 's foreign minister appears less pleased , stressing that america must " implement the nuclear deal " reached last year . trump has said he would renegotiate it .
