now pondering fatherhood , deadpool is back to kick butt and crack jokes in marvel 's deadpool 2 , featuring ryan reynolds and more than a few f-bombs . its predecessor ruled the box office in 2016 , but does this sequel from david leitch—which cost a stuntwoman her life—have the power to do the same ? it seems so , with the movie getting a solid 85 % positive rating from critics and audiences alike at rotten tomatoes . here 's what critics are saying : " if you love films that keep you guessing , laughing and surprised on the edge of your seat , this is a must-see , " writes colin covert at the minneapolis star tribune . " more gory , bizarre , offbeat and even obscenely funny than the original , " the film " revels in its self-referential perspective " while reynolds " radiates a bizarre charisma , " covert writes . not to be outdone is a " delightful " zazie beetz as lucky superhero domino . " there 's no way it could equal the freshness and irreverence of the 2016 original . fortunately , the sequel comes off as much more than a cash grab , " writes calvin wilson at the st. louis post-dispatch . he mostly credits reynolds . in " the role of his dreams , " the actor " totally sells the character 's blend of reckless self-absorption and reluctant heroics . " even so , " another sequel really is n't necessary , but it 's in the works anyway . " jen yamato was n't as impressed . " while the sequel benefits from reynolds ' superhuman charisma , " it " merely rehashes and recycles the same wink-wink barbs that worked the first time around " and offers " uninspired plotting , " she writes at the los angeles times . thank goodness for celine dion . her music brings " new life , emotion and a winking , self-aware wit into the action , " yamato says . the movie " comes blazing out of the shoot , but dips in its second hour , like a stretched-out piece of taffy , " writes adam graham at detroit news . " still , there is a lot left to like here , and reynolds and company crank out better , more outrageous laughs than most pure comedies . you 'll laugh loud and you 'll laugh hard . "
