donald trump 's feud with civil rights icon rep. john lewis of georgia was making political headlines on martin luther king day . ( the background on the feud is here . ) coverage : the new york times explores how it further frays trump 's ties with an african-american community already wary of him . " i do n't think we have ever had a president so publicly condescending to what black politics means , " says a duke professor . a gop county commissioner in georgia 's gwinnett county , tommy hunter , is facing calls to resign after he wrote online that lewis is a " racist pig . " see the atlanta journal-constitution . in a speech marking mlk day , lewis did not mention trump , instead telling personal stories of his own civil rights battles and preaching non-violence . " the way of love is a better way , " he said , per nbc news . michelle obama tweeted her support of lewis today . martin luther king iii met with trump monday , and while he praised lewis , he also sought to tamp down the controversy . “ things get said on both sides in the heat of emotion . and at some point in this nation , we ’ ve got to move forward. ” see the los angeles times . so far , nearly 28 democratic members of congress vow to skip the inauguration , reports the bbc . a blogger at the liberal daily kos says lewis went too far in saying trump was not a " legitimate president . " democrats must admit it or face charges of hypocrisy , reads the post here . mike pence is " so disappointed " in lewis , he tells fox news . trump slammed lewis ' atlanta district as crime-ridden and " falling apart , " and those who live there were surprised to hear it and eager to rebut the charge . see the wall street journal . columnist paul krugman defends lewis ' original slam of trump as " an act of patriotism . " read it in the new york times . columnist david weigel writes that democrats , including lewis , appear to have learned that " explosive rhetoric " of the sort mastered by trump is the new normal . welcome to the " new rudeness , " he writes at the washington post .
