a mostly female cast gathers for director lucia aniello 's rough night , which reveals just how bad a bachelorette weekend with college friends can get , especially when male strippers are involved . if this plot seems a bit tired to you , you 're not alone . the movie has a lackluster approval rating of about 50 % among critics on rotten tomatoes , despite big-name stars such as scarlett johannson and kate mckinnon . samples : rough night " offers a few sight gags that are pure , dumb genius " and " is at its best when it catches the precise crosscurrent between sleazy and breezy . " but when the movie takes a dark turn , " it starts to fall apart , " stephanie zacharek writes at time . " as hangover-style dumb entertainments go , it 's certainly good enough , " she adds , but she is n't sure this is " anything close " to what women want to see . owen gleiberman , on the other hand , says rough night is " a perfect example of why hollywood needs ( many ) more women filmmakers . " though its formula is quite " derivative , " its female perspective makes it fresh , he writes at variety . the best elements : " the feisty , claws-out spontaneity of its competitive banter between 'sisters ' who love and hate each other " and jillian bell , " the film 's comic spark plug . " leah greenblatt was less tickled . rough night is " a raunchy , wildly off-the-rails farce " that " feels like the summer-movie equivalent of a fidget spinner : shiny , manic , and spiraling to nowhere , " she writes at entertainment weekly . she does commend the casting—naming ty burrell and demi moore , who play a swingers couple—but adds the actors have to deal with a " loose cannon of a script . " " well , at least they got the title right , " begins adam graham at the detroit news . the rest of his review is no less harsh . " rough night is a dismal , excruciating experience , a tired retread of raunchy comedy tropes that ca n't be bothered to come up with any funny or original bits , " he writes . like one of its characters on cocaine , " it 's frantic , scattered and convinced of its own greatness , " then " empty and rather sad . "
