president trump apparently no longer believes that climate change is a " hoax " —but he does believe it will somehow change back , and he does n't want to spend too much money dealing with it , despite dire warnings from the intergovernmental panel on climate change . " i think something 's happening . something 's changing and it 'll change back again , " trump said in a 60 minutes interview that was broadcast sunday night . " i do n't think it 's a hoax . i think there 's probably a difference . but i do n't know that it 's manmade . i will say this : i do n't want to give trillions and trillions of dollars . i do n't want to lose millions and millions of jobs . " he added that he 's not " denying climate change , " but it " could very well go back ... millions of years , " the ap reports . when interviewer leslie stahl asked trump about climate change creating more powerful hurricanes , the president , who will visit hurricane-hit parts of florida and georgia on monday , seemed doubtful . " you 'd have to show me the scientists because they have a very big political agenda , " he said when stahl told him scientists had determined that hurricanes were worse than ever . more from the interview : putin " probably " behind assassinations . trump said russian leader vladimir putin was " probably " behind the assassination of diplomats , but it did n't seem like he was losing sleep over it , the washington post reports . " it 's not in our country , " he said . trump also told stahl that russia meddled in the 2016 election , but said china had done the same . " i think , frankly , china is a bigger problem , " he said . " we won " on christine blasey ford . trump said the speech in which he mocked ford help secure brett kavanaugh 's confirmation to the supreme court , marketwatch reports . asked whether he believed ford 's accusations , trump said : " i 'm not going to get into it because we won . it does n't matter . we won . " kim jong un is what he is . asked about his professed " love " of north korean dictator kim despite human rights abuses including the use of gulags and slave labor , trump said : " i get along with him , ok ? " he added : " let it be whatever it is . i get along with him really well . i have a good energy with him . " " nobody treats us worse . " trump was harder on the european union , saying nobody treats the us worse than the trading bloc . " the european union was formed in order to take advantage of us on trade , and that ’ s what they ’ ve done , " he said . no chaos here . trump rejected suggestions that there was chaos inside his administration , but admitted that figures including defense secretary jim mattis could soon be leaving , the post reports . " i think he ’ s sort of a democrat , if you want to know the truth , " trump said . " but general mattis is a good guy . we get along very well . he may leave . i mean , at some point , everybody leaves . everybody . "
