guards at rikers island do n't just neglect the mentally ill or let them bake to death , they also routinely brutally beat them , often without suffering any repercussions , a new york times investigation has discovered . the times uncovered a secret report compiled by a city department this year that found that 129 rikers inmates suffered " serious injuries " in altercations with staff members over an 11-month span last year ; 77 % of those inmates had a mental health diagnosis . in most cases , the inmates were beaten while handcuffed . the times investigated the incidents individually , and offer some disturbing details : when guards found jose bautista trying to hang himself , they saved him , but then allegedly threw him to the ground and punched him with such force that they perforated his bowel . it was one of five beatings noted in the report that followed a suicide attempt . bautista needed emergency surgery , but guards took nine hours to drive him to the hospital—which is only 15 minutes away . when andre lane threw water or urine at guards , they allegedly handcuffed him to a gurney , wheeled him to a clinic that was n't monitored by security cameras , and beat him so violently that the walls and cabinets were covered with his blood . after brian mack complained that guards were stealing inmates ' food , a guard captain allegedly hit him in the eye with his radio , while another officer punched him in the jaw . he came away with a broken eye socket and jaw . correction officials said he 'd been in a fight with another inmate , but investigators noted no such fight was logged in prison records . none of the guards involved in any of the cases have faced criminal charges—or even administrative ones . rikers has been under pressure to reform its treatment of mentally ill inmates—in january , for example , it announced it would stop putting the " seriously mentally ill " in solitary , though the times notes that classification applies to a small segment of the population . last week an oversight board said the newly-appointed city jail commissioner had in june illegally sent as many as 47 mentally ill rikers inmates to solitary without consulting clinicians , the ap reports .
