bernie sanders rolled out his vision to overhaul the health care system on wednesday , one in which everybody would get their insurance from the government through medicare instead of through their jobs or a private insurer . sanders calls it the medicare for all act of 2017 , but you 'll also hear phrases such as " single payer " and " universal health care " used to describe it . one key part missing : details on how to pay for it , though sanders plans to release a separate paper on that , reports the wall street journal . coverage : the basics : per cnn , everybody gets a " universal medicare card , " which would be used to cover all health bills , from surgeries to dental care to substance abuse treatment . co-payments would go away , and people would pay premiums based on their incomes , reports the ap . private insurers would still exist , but for things such as elective plastic surgery or , sometimes , to act as middlemen between the government and hospitals or doctors . a 'right ' : sanders makes his case in an op-ed in the new york times . " guaranteeing health care as a right is important to the american people not just from a moral and financial perspective ; it also happens to be what the majority of the american people want . " 'single payer ' : david leonhardt of the new york times has a q & a on the fundamentals , including the basic question of what the term " single payer " means . in short , it " describes a system in which only one entity—the government—pays medical bills . if all americans had medicare rather than insurance through their jobs , it would be a single-payer system . " vox says sanders ' system is far more generous than single-payer plans in canada and elsewhere . the cost : this could cost hundreds of billions of dollars more per year , per the journal . details are yet to come , but sanders envisions a progressive tax increase , with the wealthy paying more income , capital gains , and estate taxes , reports newsweek . the senator says higher taxes for families would be offset by the fact that they no longer have to buy insurance . still , in regard to single-payer systems , " no one—including sanders—has truly reckoned with how to pay for whatever system they might support , " writes mike allen at axios . litmus test ? by all accounts , the chances of it passing a gop-controlled congress are precisely 0 % . but it 's turning into a political litmus test of sorts for democrats , reports the washington post . sanders has the support of 15 democratic senators so far , including all of those seen as potential 2020 presidential candidates . co-sponsors include elizabeth warren , kirsten gillibrand , cory booker , and kamala harris . but many prominent democrats are not on board , at least yet , including nancy pelosi , chuck schumer , and those in tough re-election fights , reports politico . the politics : no , this is n't going to pass , " but here 's the big question , " writes perry bacon jr. at fivethirtyeight . " is it going to become one of the central goals of the democratic party and a defining feature of the campaign of whichever democrat is the party 's nominee in 2020 ? " as of now , this " seems very likely , " as the democratic party seems to be gravitating to the left . but bacon lays out the political and policy reasons why democrats might avoid " becoming the party of single payer . " relishing the fight : republicans see a chance to pounce . " we welcome the democrats ' strategy of moving even further left , " says katie martin , spokesperson for the senate gop 's campaign organization , per the ap .
