yesterday , comedy central announced that trevor noah would be taking over the daily show , a fresh , biracial—albeit male—face to add to the late-night pantheon . but that was yesterday . today , there 's a tempest brewing over noah 's twitter account , in which he says things like this , as spotted by buzzfeed 's tom gara : @ trevornoah : " 'oh yeah the weekend . people are gon na get drunk & think that i 'm sexy ! " - fat chicks everywhere . " @ trevornoah : " messi gets the ball and the real players try foul him , but messi does n't go down easy , just like jewish chicks . # elclasico " @ trevornoah : " so now that adele is singing , does that mean it 's over ? " @ trevornoah : " in thailand hookers are so cheap , even cheaper than food . tough choice between big mac or quarter poundher deluxe . " @ trevornoah : " originally when men proposed they went down on one knee so if the woman said no they were in the perfect uppercut position . " reactions ranged from those accusing noah of misogyny and anti-semitism to those accusing him of just being lame , notes the new york times . comedy central , though , stood by him . noah " pushes boundaries ; he is provocative and spares no one , himself included , ” says a statement . " to judge him or his comedy based on a handful of jokes is unfair . " roseanne barr , for one , tweeted that " u should cease sexist & anti semitic 'humor ' about jewish women & israel , " reports politico . noah himself responded this morning in a quickly deleted tweet : " twitter does not have enough characters to respond to all the characters on twitter . " in a slate piece , jessica winter writes that while , sure , " twitter is a space for comics to try out material that is n't fully baked , " and noah by no means has the monopoly on misogyny in comedy , " the problem is that noah ’ s jokes are so annihilatingly stupid . are they even jokes ? are they meta-jokes , like the “ my arms are so tired ” airplane joke he made on his first daily show appearance ? or did he mean that as a joke , too ? ! ? trevor noah : ontological mystery . "
