thursday night was the silliest night in scientists ' calendars , and with winners including a man who wore prosthetic extensions to live among a herd of goats in the alps for several days , this year 's ig nobel awards did not disappoint . in front of a rowdy crowd , real nobel winners handed out the awards to those who had the year 's oddest research . winners also received $ 10 trillion—in a single zimbabwean banknote ( us value : less than $ 1 ) . some highlights from the annual ceremony at harvard university , which was presented by the annals of improbable research : " goat man " tom thwaites wore his goat legs to the awards ceremony .he tells the bbc that he gained a " goat buddy " during his time in the alps—but there were some tense moments . " i was just sort of walking around , you know , chewing grass , and just looked up and then suddenly realized that everyone else had stopped chewing and there was this tension which i had n't kind of noticed before and then one or two of the goats started tossing their horns around and i think i was about to get in a fight , " he says . thwaites shared the biology prize with charles foster , another brit who has spent time living in the wild as , among other things , a badger , an otter , and a fox . science reports that the medicine prize went to a team of neurologists and psychologists , who , with the help of video cameras , mirrors , and volunteers injected with a chemical that causes a mild itch , discovered that scratching the left side of your body will relieve an itch on the right side if you 're looking in a mirror at the time . a japanese team won the perception prize with a study published as " perceived size and perceived distance of targets viewed from between the legs : evidence for proprioceptive theory . " their research involved bending over and looking at things from between their legs to see if they looked any different . egyptian urologist ahmed shafik was posthumously awarded the reproduction prize for his research on how wearing trousers of polyester , cotton , or wool affected the sex lives of rats . the rats that wore polyester had the biggest drop in sexual activity , notes the guardian . this year 's ig nobel in chemistry went to volkswagen , for " solving the problem of excessive automobile pollution emissions by automatically , electromechanically producing fewer emissions whenever the cars are being tested . " ( previous ig nobels have gone to scientists who swallowed parboiled dead shrews and a researcher who allowed bees to sting every part of his anatomy . )
