tension between president trump and mexico over his border wall plans was probably inevitable , though not everybody expected it to flare up before his administration was a week old . after trump signed an executive order wednesday and promised to start building the wall within months , mexican president enrique pe単a nieto told his country in a televised address that mexico " does not believe in walls " and will not pay for it , no matter what trump says , the bbc reports . " i regret and condemn the decision of the united states to continue construction of a wall that , for years , has divided us instead of uniting us , " he said . in other coverage : pe単a nieto said mexico still offers its friendship to the us , but he did n't confirm whether he plans to go ahead with his jan. 31 meeting with trump at the white house , the guardian reports . senior government officials said late wednesday that the mexican leader is thinking about calling it off . cnn reports that pe単a nieto said he would wait for an evaluation from mexican officials in the us before confirming the visit to the us . he also said he had ordered government agencies , including the 50 mexican consulates in the us , to step up protection for immigrants . the washington post looks at five major challenges the wall project will face , including rough terrain and the fact that most land along the border in texas is privately owned . in mexico , people are furious and are calling for a stern response to trump 's plans , reports the new york times . " it 's like we are charlie brown and they are lucy with the football , " says former foreign minister jorge castaneda . " pe単a is a weak president in a weak country at a weak moment , but he has to find a way to get some official backbone . " historians say the last president to anger mexico this much was calvin coolidge , who threatened to invade " soviet mexico " in the 1920s . the los angeles times looks at the details of the border wall project and other immigration-related actions trump unveiled wednesday . his plan to withhold federal grants from " sanctuary cities " like la is expected to start legal battles that will last for years .
