you may think you know tonya harding , the us figure skater whose career was ruined when she was associated with an attack on her rival , nancy kerrigan , ahead of the 1994 us figure skating championships . but craig gillespie 's i , tonya might convince you otherwise . presented as a faux documentary , the film starring margot robbie has a 90 % rating from critics on rotten tomatoes . here 's what they 're saying : " i , tonya takes greater risks with the biopic genre than any other in recent memory , and it 's remarkable how much of it lands upright . it 's the triple axel of based-on-true-story movies , " writes andrew lapin at npr . robbie " magnificently " embodies harding with " a childlike sincerity , a lost-soul cluelessness , " he writes . this , and the film 's chaotic mix of personas and styles , " builds to a satisfying and illuminating portrait of a poor american girl who maybe never stood a chance . " " there 's something genuinely electric about the narrative 's headlong tumble into madness , " coming from " a script where the truth was irrefutably stranger than any fiction , " writes leah greenblatt at entertainment weekly . she found the skating scenes " thrilling . " but " robbie is the real revelation , " greenblatt writes . " she 's a powerhouse : a scrappy , defiant subversion of the american dream . you wo n't just find yourself rooting for this crazy kid ; you might even fall a little bit in love . " it 's " a darkly satiric comedy with the tenor of a coen brothers movie " and " earns the sort of high marks for creative interpretation that its protagonist complained eluded her , " writes brian lowry at cnn . but he argues " the sleight of hand used to realize the skating sequences is visually distracting in places . " he also says robbie " struggles " at the start to truly come across as just 15 . and though she recovers to deliver " a layered and unexpectedly sympathetic portrait , " allison janney , playing harding 's mother , " pretty nearly steals the show . " christy lemire is effusive : robbie gives " the performance of a lifetime , " conveying " the requisite swagger of an athlete at the top of her sport " as well as the " low sense of self-worth buried underneath . " as for the film itself , it highlights harding 's outsider status from the outset , which " makes her story relatable beyond the insular world of figure skating , " lemire writes at rogerebert.com . she concludes by calling i , tonya a " nearly flawless program " and " one of the year 's best films . "
