a spaceship arrives on a distant planet that looks like a perfect new home for humans in alien : covenant . but if you know anything about alien movies , you 'll know there 's only terror in store . here 's what critics are saying about the latest installment of the franchise , with director ridley scott of 1979 's alien returning : the filmmakers have finally managed to " dig the series out of its hole , " todd mccarthy puts it at the hollywood reporter . he calls alien : covenant " the most satisfying entry in the six-films-and-counting franchise since the first two . " beautiful and gripping , it " feels vital " and is " keen to keep us on our toes right up to the concluding scene , which leaves the audience with such a great reveal that it makes you want to see the next installment tomorrow . " peter howell at the toronto star agrees this flick " ranks among the better chapters " of the franchise . scott " breaks new ground even while revisiting old concepts " and " brings back the visceral panic that fans expect . " actors katherine waterston , danny mcbride , billy crudup , and michael fassbender—who delivers " a grand performance times two " as two separate robots—also deserve high praise , he writes . the inclusion of fassbender 's david , from 2012 's prometheus , was an incredibly smart move , writes joe morgenstern at the wall street journal . but there was little else that impressed him . there 's just " nothing new " to this " gore fest , " he writes . he acknowledges , however , that " many alien fans will come looking for something old , and that 's in bloodily abundant supply . " chris klimek had his own issues with the film . for example , " a religious subtext is introduced and then immediately abandoned , " he writes at npr . but he , too , had to marvel at fassbender , whose " existential rap session " provides the " freshest part of the movie . " then again , fassbender 's david " is the only character in whom scott seems truly interested , " he writes .
