carrie fisher died at the age of 60 tuesday , four days after suffering a major heart attack . here 's how the world is saying goodbye to the writer , actress , and mental-health advocate who will always be princess leia to millions : calling it the " best morning show interview you 'll ever see , " digg shares a clip of fisher appearing with therapy dog gary on good morning america to promote the force awakens . " even the film crew ca n't stop laughing . " us magazine remembers fisher through photos from her life . vanity fair remembers when fisher , in her one-woman show wishful drinking , explained why she 's not wearing underwear in a new hope , the answer to which explains why she wanted her obituary to read : " i drowned in moonlight , strangled by my own bra . " celebrities of all stripes are eulogizing fisher , and io9 is updating a massive list of their tributes to her , including the following from steven spielberg : " she did n't need the force ; she was a force of nature . " meanwhile , jezebel argues fisher was an unexpected style icon , who recently angered the french by wearing flats and bringing gary on the cannes red carpet . " she dressed for the part of herself exclusively , and it was wonderful . " speaking of gary , npr says " it 's impossible to miss the buoyant personalities of both fishers " in a recent interview . " he sits with me on the plane , " fisher says . " frequently , he sits in the chair , and i sit on the ground . " cnn has a list of seven things you did n't know about fisher , including that she 's a prolific and well-regarded script doctor , having improved the scripts for sister act and hook , among many others , while also punching up her own star wars dialogue . time has a short piece on fisher 's position as a highly visible advocate for destigmatizing mental illness , having openly discussed her struggles with depression and bipolar disorder . “ no motive is pure . no one is good or bad—but a hearty mix of both . and sometimes life actually gives to you by taking away , " usa today quotes fisher as saying in a list of her best quotes . finally , cnet has a personal remembrance of fisher from a former lucasfilm employee : " one of my favorite memories of fisher is the time a twentysomething hipster came up to her at one of her comic-con signings and demanded she write something unique and personal on a photo of fisher dressed in her iconic slave leia metal bikini . she winked and wrote , 'bite me . ' "
