a bomb squad robot was destroyed and another had its arm blown off when one of five bombs found in a backpack near a new jersey train station blew up early monday . the fbi says the other four devices found will be encased in blastproof material and taken to the agency 's headquarters for further investigation , the new york times reports . the devices—which were discovered by two men who found the backpack on top of a garbage can outside a restaurant near the elizabeth station—will be closely examined for evidence linking them to explosive devices found in new york city and elsewhere in new jersey over the weekend . a round-up of coverage : elizabeth mayor christian bollwage says the two men thought the backpack held something of value and carried it some distance before realizing it held explosive devices and calling police , nj.com . he says in its original location near a pub , the devices could have caused carnage . " if that pub was crowded and there was a lot of people there , it could have severely injured , killed and maimed many , many people , " the mayor says . the ap reports that thousands of amtrak and nj transit passengers were affected by the discovery of the device , with some stuck on trains for hours . service has resumed but passengers in the area have been warned that they can expect delays monday . nbc new york reports that investigators believe surveillance video shows the same man at two locations where explosive devices were found in manhattan . police are n't sure whether there is a link between the new york devices and those found in new jersey . cnn reports that there is now an increased security presence in new york city not just because of the bombs , but because world leaders are gathering for the united nations general assembly . a law enforcement source tells cbs that investigators believe cell phones were used as triggers for both the manhattan blast—which ny gov . andrew cuomo calls " obviously an act of terrorism " —and the device that exploded before a new jersey race to benefit marines and sailors early saturday . it 's not clear whether a trigger was found with the elizabeth devices . bollwage says he 's not sure his city was targeted . he suspects somebody may have just dumped the devices in elizabeth , but he is " extremely concerned for everyone in the state and country where someone can just go and drop a backpack into a garbage can that has multiple explosives in it with no timers and then you have to wonder how many people could have been hurt . " an official close to the investigation tells reuters that all the devices involved have been crude and the level of planning appears low—but some investigators fear this was just a test . " that 's what worries us , " he says . " was this some kind of test run , not just of the devices , but also of the surveillance in new york and the response ? " ( the fbi says it is questioning five people found in a " vehicle of interest . " )
