i could n't take it anymore . newline_char "  story_separator_special_tag but the pentagon has a different understanding — and it 's ordering the california national guard to claw back thousands of dollars paid to soldiers who re-enlisted to fight in iraq and afghanistan . newline_char soldiers told to repay thousands in signing bonuses from height of war effort enlarge this image toggle caption brennan linsley/ap brennan linsley/ap in most cases , when an employer pays a signing bonus to attract new workers , that payment is understood to be essentially unrecoverable . newline_char the state military service says : " the california national guard does not have the authority to unilaterally waive these debts . newline_char " the problem of improper use of military troop-level incentives is n't limited to california — but the state has emerged as a focal point because of two factors : the large size of its guard force , and a history of overpayments . newline_char responding to the newspaper 's story sunday , the california national guard points out that the repayments are part of a federal program run by the national guard bureau and the department of the army . newline_char that 's the gist of a report by the los angeles times , which says nearly 10,000 soldiers are now scrambling to pay back signing bonuses that helped the pentagon cope with the task of using an all-volunteer service to fight two prolonged international conflicts . newline_char baldwin , created an assistance center that has helped some of its soldiers retain $ 37 million " of original bonus payments . newline_char a scandal over newline_char david s. newline_char gen. newline_char "  newline_char u.s . newline_char however , the california national guard welcomes any law passed by congress to waive these debts . newline_char the incentives were seen as crucial to the military 's effort to keep its ranks flush , but auditors say the rules should have limited the largest payments to certain skill areas — and that in the rush to staff the war effort , the bonuses were given out too liberally , the l.a. times reports .
