hard-hitting video advertisement of a suicide bomber being challenged by victims of terrorism has gone viral in the middle east . newline_char kuwaiti telecom company zain launched the tv ad on saturday at the start of ramadan , the holiest month in the muslim calendar , in an effort to counter terrorism . newline_char the opening scenes show a man manufacturing a suicide belt , with the voice of a child challenging him . newline_char " be tender in your faith , gentle not harsh . newline_char related : mcdonald  newline_char advertisers spend a large proportion of their budget during the month . story_separator_special_tag please try again later . newline_char this feature is not available right now . story_separator_special_tag a ramadan tv ad by a middle eastern telecommunications company in which victims of terrorism confront a suicide bomber and urge society to “ bomb violence with mercy ” has provoked a heated debate in the region , with some praising its attempt to tackle extremism and others criticising it for using victims of bombings and a simplistic portrayal of terrorists . newline_char as the suicide bomber travels to his destination , he is confronted by victims of terrorism , covered in blood and dirt , including a child actor playing the role of omran daqneesh , the child from aleppo whose newline_char it opens with a voiceover by a child , saying : “ i will tell god everything , that you ’ ve filled the cemeteries with our children and emptied our school desks. newline_char the video begins with images of a militant preparing a suicide vest interspersed with shots of a man and woman preparing for their wedding , a grandfather playing with a child , and children in a classroom . newline_char the three-minute video by zain , a commercial mobile operator based in kuwait , went viral over the weekend with some calling for it to be withdrawn , while others praised its tagline of “ we will counter their attacks of hatred with songs of love , from now until happiness ” .
