 was hit with misdemeanor assault , attempted assault and harassment raps for the altercation in chelsea with lawyer sam roberts . newline_char ” was arraigned tuesday for the bizarre october incident . newline_char an obese state judge who allegedly cold-cocked a legal aid lawyer after drunkenly bragging “ i f—king kill people ! newline_char 20 , the administrative judge for the board of parole landed in hot water after throwing back one too many at a party on west 18th street celebrating a new law firm . story_separator_special_tag drunken judge sucker-punches legal aid lawyer after party roberts was knocked out and suffered a separated shoulder , torn labrum , black eye and other injuries after a brief exchange with beltrani , who was visibly drunk , according to witnesses . newline_char robert beltrani , 53 , was before a manhattan criminal court judge for the first time since the boozy oct. newline_char beltrani stayed mum as he left the courthouse with his attorney daniel ollen and an order of protection in favor of sam roberts , the alleged sucker-punch victim . newline_char beltrani stayed mum as he left the courthouse with his attorney daniel ollen and an order  newline_char the parole judge arrested for allegedly slugging a legal aid attorney after a party was charged tuesday with misdemeanor assault and harassment . newline_char 20 incident on w. newline_char 18th st. story_separator_special_tag robert beltrani , 53 , an administrative law judge with the state department of parole , fled the scene in his car after the oct. newline_char ” brooklyn judge in hot water for hurling threat at prosecutor roberts , 48 , suffered a black eye and a separated shoulder when he hit the ground after taking a pair of unexpected blows to the head from the beefy beltrani . newline_char “ i do justice , ” the burly judge reportedly announced twice before belting attorney sam roberts without provocation . newline_char the incident was captured in its entirety on security video , sources said
