o years ago , ellen martinsen , was collecting mosquitoes at the smithsonian 's national zoo , looking for malaria that might infect birds -- when she discovered something strange : a dna profile , from parasites in the mosquitoes , that she could n't identify . newline_char martinsen and her colleagues estimate that the parasite infects up to twenty-five percent of white-tailed deer along the east coast of the united states . newline_char by chance , she had discovered a malaria parasite , plasmodium odocoilei -- that infects white-tailed deer . newline_char it 's the first-ever malaria parasite known to live in a deer species and the only native malaria parasite found in any mammal in north or south america . newline_char though white-tailed deer diseases have been heavily studied -- scientist had n't noticed that many have malaria parasites . newline_char i just stumbled across it . newline_char their results were published february 5 in science advances . newline_char " the new study , led by martinsen , was a collaboration with scientists at the smithsonian conservation biology institute , the american museum of natural history  story_separator_special_tag north america ’ s most popular game species , the white-tailed deer , harbors a secret : low levels of a malaria parasite that have only now been detected thanks to advanced dna technology . newline_char using polymerase chain reaction ( pcr ) technology , which amplifies dna to make it easier to study , they identified a genetic signature of an unexpected malaria parasite , plasmodium odocoilei , previously unknown in the americas . newline_char though this particular species of parasite poses little risk to humans , researchers say the find could reshape our understanding of malaria ’ s origins . newline_char there are more than 100 species of malaria parasites , distributed on every continent except antarctica . newline_char , were searching for the source of malaria parasites in birds at the national zoo .
