| ap photo trump threatens to upend u.s. nuclear weapons policy 'we will outmatch them at every pass and outlast them all , ' trump says . newline_char “ let it be an arms race … we will outmatch them at every pass and outlast them all , ” president-elect donald trump told msnbc ’ s “ morning joe . newline_char in a series of impromptu statements about nuclear weapons , donald trump is threatening to upend longstanding u.s. nonproliferation policy , even as his advisers contradict him and muddy his intentions . story_separator_special_tag however , his first day is off to an , uhh , let ’ s call it interesting start ; during an off-air conversation this morning with mika brzezinski of msnbc , the president-elect surprisingly said of nuclear proliferation , “ let it be an arms race , we will outmatch them at every pass . newline_char ” spicer a half hour later  newline_char this is probably not the first day on the job that sean spicer imagined it would be . newline_char already he has done a merry-go-round of morning show appearances since it was announced thursday that he will serve as our nation ’ s next white house press secretary , set to take office with the trump administration next month . story_separator_special_tag ” and it ’ s not  newline_char we ’ re so open , we ’ re so , “ oh i wouldn ’ t do this , i wouldn ’ t do that , i would do this , i would do that. newline_char you understand what i mean by that , david . story_separator_special_tag " we need to strengthen the military potential of strategic nuclear forces newline_char a russian topol-m intercontinental ballistic missile with a range of some 11,000 kilometres ( 6,800 miles ) and capable of carrying a warhead of up to one megaton , the equivalent of one million tons of tnt explosive ( afp photo/dmitry kostyukov ) moscow ( afp ) - russian president vladimir putin on thursday called for the country to reinforce its military nuclear potential and praised the army 's performance in its syria campaign .
