new study has found no direct link between antidepressant use during pregnancy and one type of birth defect . newline_char the research , published in today ’ s issue of the new england journal of medicine , comes nine years after the u.s. food and drug administration warned that exposure to selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors — the most commonly prescribed antidepressants — might increase the risk of heart malformations in the developing fetus . story_separator_special_tag however , this latest study contradicts previous research that found that taking antidepressants in pregnancy can be risky . newline_char wednesday , june 18 , 2014 ( healthday news ) -- antidepressants taken during the first three months of pregnancy do n't appear to increase the risk of heart defects in babies , new research suggests . newline_char " the most critical period in the development of an embryo or in the growth of a particular organ is during the time of most rapid cell division , " said krista huybrechts , lead study author and epidemiologist at the brigham and women 's hospital , in boston . newline_char it 's diagnosed in 10 percent to 20 percent of pregnant women , and up to 13 percent of women take antidepressants while pregnant , according to the researchers . newline_char the current study 's findings run counter to two previous studies that caused the u.s. food and drug administration in 2005  story_separator_special_tag data source and study cohort the study cohort was drawn from the medicaid analytic extract for 46 u.s. states and washington , d.c. newline_char finally , we required all the women to be eligible for medicaid , without supplementary private insurance or restricted benefits , from 3 months before the last menstrual period through 1 month after delivery . newline_char the development of our study cohort has been described previously.22 briefly , we identified all completed pregnancies in women and adolescents 12 to 55 years of age ( hereafter , “ women ” ) and linked these pregnancies to liveborn infants .
