troit police had discovered an abandoned car owned by her daughter , 28-year-old crissita elaine cage-toaster , on belle isle , a large island park east of downtown detroit . newline_char rosita cage-toaster , 58 , and her husband , johnny toaster , 64 , formally reported their daughter missing oct. newline_char rosita cage-toaster , who now lives in atlanta , but at the time was attending university of detroit mercy , remembers the call she received nearly eight years ago . newline_char they gave a detailed description of their adult daughter , including of her distinct tattoos " from that day on , i 've been searching for  newline_char those are the only reasons a grieving couple can think of to explain how their daughter , reported missing in october 2009 , ended up buried in an anonymous grave without their knowledge for over six years . story_separator_special_tag detroit ( wxyz ) - rosita cage-toaster never gave up hope that she 'd find her missing daughter . newline_char it all started when her 28-year-old daughter crissita disappeared in detroit on october 26th , 2009 . newline_char days turned to years , but through it all cage-toaster refused to give up on finding her daughter . story_separator_special_tag the parents of 28-year-old crissita cage-toaster said they gave police a detailed description of their daughter — including of a large rose tattoo on her shoulder that included her parents ' nicknames — when they reported her missing in october 2009 . newline_char detroit ( ap ) — detroit police recently told the parents of a woman reported missing in 2009 that investigators actually found her body in 2010 and later buried her unidentified remains , blaming the mistake in part on investigative records that wrongly listed her ethnicity . newline_char detroit police had discovered the woman 's abandoned car , with her purse , id and cellphone inside , on a large island park east of downtown . newline_char " if they would have listened to me back in 2009 , they could have then discovered my daughter .
