e second-born panda cub born to mei xiang died at the smithsonian national zoo . newline_char the larger cub , born first , appears to be strong and healthy . newline_char video provided by newsy newslook the larger cub , born first , appears to be " strong , robust , behaving normally " and is with its 17-year-old mother , mei xiang . newline_char after spending the night with its mother , the smaller cub , which weighed just 3 ounces at birth , appeared weaker wednesday morning and was having trouble breathing , he said . newline_char the second was born at 10:07 p.m. we are sad to report that the smaller of the two panda cubs has died . newline_char the first cub was born at 5:34 p.m. and weighed 4.8 ounces . newline_char ( photo : getty images ) the smaller of twin giant panda cubs born saturday died wednesday afternoon at the smithsonian 's national zoo in washington , d.c. newline_char the cub went into respiratory and cardiac arrest at about 2 p.m. veterinarians performed gentle cpr for a few minutes until neiffer ordered them to stop . newline_char ” a necropsy will be performed to try to determine exactly why the cub died . newline_char , officials said . newline_char we will continue to provide updates on social media w/ # pandastory . newline_char " we have one healthy panda and we remain optimistic about that panda 's future , " the zoo 's chief veterinarian , donald neiffer , said at a news briefing . newline_char vpc in this handout provided by the smithsonian 's national zoo , one of two newborn giant pandas born august 22 is cared for by a member of the panda team at the smithsonian 's national zoo and conservation biology institute on august 24 , 2015 , in washington , dc . story_separator_special_tag you always have the option to delete your tweet location history . newline_char learn more newline_char tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications .
