shington ( cnn ) us investigators wiretapped former trump campaign chairman paul manafort under secret court orders before and after the election , sources tell cnn , an extraordinary step involving a high-ranking campaign official now at the center of the russia meddling probe . newline_char some of the intelligence collected includes communications that sparked concerns among investigators that manafort had encouraged the russians to help with the campaign , according to three sources familiar with the investigation . newline_char the government snooping continued into early this year , including a period when manafort was known to talk to president donald trump . newline_char the surveillance was discontinued at some point last year for lack of evidence , according to one of the sources . newline_char a secret order authorized by the court that handles the foreign intelligence surveillance act ( fisa ) began after manafort became the subject of an fbi investigation that began in 2014 . newline_char sources say the second warrant was part of  newline_char special counsel robert mueller 's team , which is leading the investigation into russia 's involvement in the election , has been provided details of these communications . story_separator_special_tag manafort and mr. newline_char mueller ’ s request for 13 categories of documents , including records related to mr. newline_char at least three witnesses have recently been subpoenaed to testify about mr. newline_char nonetheless , the demand for documents has provoked at least one angry confrontation between mr. newline_char manafort : jason maloni , a spokesman who appeared before the grand jury for newline_char comey ’ s firing and mr. newline_char but associates of both mr. newline_char staff members have been working long hours answering mr. newline_char for the moment , mr. newline_char flynn have received more peremptory treatment . newline_char those sessions are expected to begin soon . newline_char mueller ’ s team has shown a measure of deference to white house officials , sparing them grand jury subpoenas and allowing them to appear for voluntary interviews .
