at might not be such a ridiculous-sounding question , now that a new study has identified a link between men 's facial attractiveness and the quality of their semen -- with handsome , masculine-looking guys having slightly lower-quality semen than other men . newline_char and the finding seems to be at odds with the so-called phenotype-linked fertility hypothesis , which holds that females prefer handsome males because their offspring may enjoy hereditary benefits , such as  newline_char the researchers have no ready explanation for their finding , although previous research has shown that high testosterone levels can harm sperm production , the new york daily news reported . newline_char jukka kekalainen , adjunct lecturer in the centre for evolutionary biology at the university of australia in crawley , told the huffington post in an email . newline_char sure , he looks good . story_separator_special_tag the cultural vision of taller men as being physically dominant and potential protectors has been embedded into the psyche of many women , creating a “ prejudice ” against shorter men . newline_char however , science suggests setting your sights on much shorter , dark and handsome men , like tom cruise , because they make better life partners . newline_char it ’ s unclear  newline_char according to a recent study ( not peer reviewed ) , short men have a higher income and are more likely to stay monogamous , making better boyfriends and husbands , and standing head and shoulders above their much taller peers . story_separator_special_tag so researchers recruited a group of 62 college students , from both colombia and spain , to rate the physical attractiveness of select pictures of men who had donated their sperm earlier in the experiment . newline_char ketrin1407 , cc by newline_char it states the greater presence of male sexual ornaments signals a stronger vitality for reproduction . newline_char these ornaments are typically anatomical in nature , such as the set of feathers on one species of bird or the song of another .
