he [ ahmadinejad ] craves recognition from outside , and mashaei is his instrument , ” says one well-informed iran analyst . newline_char this new outreach follows ahmadinejad ’ s efforts in 2009 to explore a possible nuclear deal with the west , which were rebuffed by khamenei . newline_char and that may be the case with a recent feud between iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad and supreme leader ali khamenei . newline_char the key figure in this dispute is esfandiar rahim-mashaei , ahmadinejad ’ s former chief of staff and said to be his choice as successor in the next iranian presidential elections , scheduled for 2013 . newline_char in this environment , both ahmadinejad and khamenei understand that the legitimacy of their increasingly isolated regime is in danger . newline_char ahmadinejad ’ s circle seems to favor outreach ;  story_separator_special_tag ahmadinejad 's unprecedented disobedience prompted harsh criticism from conservatives who warned that he might face the fate of abdulhassan banisadr , iran 's first post-revolution president who was impeached and exiled for allegedly attempting to undermine clerical power . newline_char close allies of iran 's president , mahmoud ahmadinejad , have been accused of using supernatural powers to further his policies amid an increasingly bitter power struggle between him and the country 's supreme leader , ayatollah ali khamenei . newline_char on sunday , ahmadinejad returned to his office after an 11-day walkout in an apparent protest over khamenei 's reinstatement of the intelligence minister , who the president had initiallyasked to resign . newline_char the arrests come amid a growing rift between ahmadinejad and khamenei which has prompted several mps to call for the president to be impeached . newline_char ahmadinejad has so far declined newline_char ayatollah mesbah yazdi , a hardline cleric close to khamenei , warned that disobeying the supreme leader – who has the ultimate power in iran – is equivalent to " apostasy from god " .
