 used a lab experiment to investigate the influence of media ( email and voicemail ) and task type ( romantic and utilitarian ) on both the psychophysiological responses of senders and the content of the resulting messages . newline_char an interaction exists between media and task such that the content of romantic email messages was more positive than romantic voicemails ; while the opposite was true for utilitarian tasks . newline_char message senders had more arousing physiological responses when sending emails than when leaving voicemails . newline_char thus the choice of media triggers different emotional responses in the sender and leads to different message content . newline_char lean asynchronous computer mediated communication is often considered poor for communicating emotion , yet individuals continue to use it for business , personal , and even romantic communication . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag the research , which has been accepted for publication in the journal computers in human behavior , suggests that , in this digital age , an email can be more effective in expressing romantic feelings than leaving a voicemail message . newline_char using psychophysiological measures from 72 college-age people , dennis and wells found that people who sent romantic emails were more emotionally aroused and used stronger and more thoughtful language than those who left voicemails . newline_char “ when writing romantic emails , senders consciously or subconsciously added more positive content to their messages , newline_char " but according to a new research study from indiana university , she might be more successful in finding love if she asked him to send her an email . newline_char although voicemail , email and texting are part of everyday life , very little is known about how their characteristics influence and distort communication in work and personal settings . newline_char previous research and conventional wisdom suggested the opposite , that a voicemail message is a more intimate way to connect with others , but that may not be true , particularly among millennials .
