ap ) — a missouri appeals court judge was appointed monday to take over ferguson 's municipal court and make " needed reforms " after a highly critical u.s. department of justice report that was prompted by the fatal police shooting of michael brown . newline_char the supreme court said it also is assigning staff from the state court administrator 's office to aid richter in reviewing ferguson 's municipal court practices . newline_char richter to hear all of ferguson 's pending and future municipal court cases . newline_char " judge richter will bring a fresh , disinterested perspective to this court 's practices , and he is able and willing to implement needed reforms , " chief justice mary russell said in a written statement . newline_char but the justice department said ferguson 's police and court systems functioned as a money-making enterprise that heightened tensions among residents  newline_char the change comes after the justice department released a report last week that cited cases of racial profiling and bigotry by police and chided what it described as a profit-driven municipal court system in the predominantly black st. newline_char " ferguson municipal judge ronald j. newline_char louis suburb where brown , 18 , was shot by a white ferguson police officer on aug. newline_char " extraordinary action is warranted in ferguson , but the court also is examining reforms that are needed on a statewide basis , " russell added . newline_char brockmeyer resigned monday , saying through a spokesman that he was stepping down to promote public confidence in the court and help ferguson " begin its healing process . newline_char ferguson city manager john shaw was escorted to his vehicle by a police officer without fielding questions , and mayor james knowles iii declined comment to the associated press afterward except to say that the city on tuesday would begin seeking brockmeyer 's permanent successor . story_separator_special_tag in the first session since the missouri supreme court took over ferguson 's municipal court , judge roy l.
