e tbi reported payne and hayworth made complaints against potter ’ s daughter last year for  newline_char he said potter and curd were among the list of suspects at the start of the investigation and as more and more people were interviewed some suspects dropped off the list , but potter and curd kept returning . newline_char ” potter was angry about internet and telephone communications between the couple and his daughter . newline_char finally , information gleaned from the interviews led to the department interviewing potter and curd with a polygraph . newline_char “ buddy ” potter jr. newline_char the sheriff said the motive for the killings of the young couple was “ senseless and stupid. newline_char mountain city — the johnson county sheriff ’ s department arrested two men on first-degree murder charges tuesday morning , completing an intensive , weeklong search for the killers of billy clay payne jr. story_separator_special_tag curd , 38 , had romantic feelings for jenelle potter , 30 , the sheriff said . newline_char the victims had complained to police that marvin 's potter 's daughter was harassing them after they deleted her as a friend on the social networking site , johnson county sheriff mike reece said wednesday . newline_char marvin potter 's friend , jamie curd , has also been charged in the killings . newline_char potter and curd were arraigned wednesday . newline_char potter asked for time to hire an attorney while curd was assigned a public defender who did not immediately return a phone message . newline_char potter , 60 , has been charged with two counts of first-degree murder in last week 's slayings of billy payne jr. newline_char authorities have been involved other cases where potter 's daughter , jenelle potter , believed she had been slighted by someone . newline_char a father who was upset after a tennessee couple deleted his adult daughter as a friend on facebook has been charged in the shooting deaths of the couple , authorities said wednesday .
