w austrian researchers have found that yawning actually works to manage brain temperature to improve alertness and mental efficiency . newline_char the researchers showed pictures of people yawning to pedestrians in vienna in order to spark contagious yawning . newline_char we tend to yawn when we are tired , stressed or under-stimulated , which are all factors that can alter the temperature of the brain , and the university of vienna researchers tested whether air temperature could influence how much we yawn . story_separator_special_tag sleep cycles , cortical arousal and stress are all associated with fluctuations in brain temperature , yawning subsequently functions to keep the brain temperature balanced and in optimal homeostasis . newline_char according to this theory , yawning should also be easily manipulated by ambient temperature variation , since exchange with cool ambient air temperature may facilitate lowering brain temperature . newline_char however , previous research has failed to show an association between yawning and blood oxygen levels . newline_char new research by a team of researchers led by psychologist andrew gallup of suny college at oneonta , usa now reveals that yawning cools the brain . story_separator_special_tag consequently , yawning should be constrained to an optimal thermal zone or range of temperature , i.e. newline_char the thermoregulatory theory of yawning posits that yawns function to cool the brain in part due to counter-current heat exchange with the deep inhalation of ambient air . story_separator_special_tag a group of researchers at the university of vienna tested subjects in austria and arizona and tracked their activity , finding that that the only significant predicator of yawning was temperature : subjects were much more likely to yawn at higher temperatures . newline_char you 're actually yawning because your brain is too hot . newline_char well , a new study suggests that you may not really be yawning because it 's contagious , or you 're bored or tired . newline_char perhaps your brain 's too hot chances are you read this sentence about yawning and you yawned .
