a staff has been instructed to freeze all its grants ― an extensive program that includes funding for research , redevelopment of former industrial sites , air quality monitoring and education , among other things ― and told not to discuss this order with anyone outside the agency , according to a hill source with knowledge of the situation . newline_char it ’ s unclear whether the freeze is indefinite or temporary as the agency transitions fully to the trump administration ; the senate has not yet confirmed trump ’ s pick for epa administrator , scott pruitt . newline_char it ’ s also not clear the immediate impact the grant freeze would have on programs across the country , since epa grants are distributed at varying intervals and frequency . newline_char washington ― the environmental protection agency has frozen its grant programs , according to sources there . story_separator_special_tag “ new epa administration has asked that all contract and grant awards be temporarily suspended , effective immediately , ” read the email , which was shared with the washington post . newline_char ” according to its website , each year the epa awards more than $ 4 billion in funding for grants  newline_char ( matt mcclain/ the washington post ) the trump administration has instructed officials at the environmental protection agency to freeze its grants and contracts , a move that could affect everything from state-led climate research to localized efforts to improve air and water quality to environmental justice projects aimed at helping poor communities . story_separator_special_tag one epa employee aware of the freeze said he had never seen anything like it in nearly a decade with the agency . newline_char ” asked about any possible freeze and its implications , epa officials did not provide an answer . newline_char the trump administration has imposed a freeze on grants and contracts by the u.s. environmental protection agency , a move that could affect a significant part of the agency ’ s budget allocations and even threaten to disrupt core operations ranging from toxic cleanups to water quality testing , according to records and interviews .
