irty-nine democrats broke with their party 's leaders and backed the bill despite a veto threat by the white house , highlighting the political problem the issue has come for president obama ’ s party . newline_char the house passed legislation on friday that allows insurance companies to offer health plans that were cancelled for not meeting new requirements under obamacare . story_separator_special_tag it faces an uphill climb in the senate and obama has said he would veto the bill . newline_char the proposal goes further than the administrative fix announced by president obama thursday , which would only allow insurers and state insurance commissioners to extend those policies through most of 2014 . story_separator_special_tag the vote was 261 to 157 , with 39 democrats bucking their party leadership and the white house to vote in favor of the bill . newline_char washington — defying a veto threat from president obama , the house approved legislation on friday that would allow insurance companies to renew individual health insurance policies and sell similar ones to new customers next year even if the coverage does not provide all the benefits and consumer protections required by the new health care law . newline_char obama and top aides met for over an hour with insurance executives after industry leaders complained thursday that they had been blindsided by a white house reversal on canceled policies . story_separator_special_tag thirty-nine house democrats on friday broke ranks to support a republican bill that would allow health insurers to continue selling plans canceled under obamacare through 2014 , the first test of support on capitol hill since the law ’ s disastrous rollout . newline_char it ’ s a significant show of disloyalty to the white house , but house democrats had expected the defections to be far higher before the obama administration said thursday that it would pursue an administrative fix to the cancellation problem . newline_char the house voted , 261-157 , to pass the bill by rep.
