ong other things , the law enforcement officials said , authorities are searching the suspect 's apartment for evidence of a gun range receipt , a  newline_char twelve people were killed , and 58 were injured . newline_char in the wake of friday 's massacre at an aurora , colo. newline_char , movie theater , law enforcement officials familiar with the investigation say the gunman must have had a substantial amount of target practice before the shootings . story_separator_special_tag but neuroscientist david eagleman says holmes ' credentials were no better than those of an average student . newline_char james holmes seemed well on his way to a career as a scientist . newline_char in the video , holmes refers to " an illusion that allows you to change the past . newline_char the mass killing suspect is no elite neuroscientist , says eagleman  newline_char a video from a science camp he attended after high school shows him making a presentation about temporal illusions , misfirings in brain cells that lead to misreading the passage of time — the feeling that time stands still . newline_char he received a $ 26,000 federal stipend . story_separator_special_tag university of colorado officials disclosed monday that mass shooting suspect james holmes was being paid $ 26,000 a year for his studies , money that could have financed the cache of firearms , ammunition and explosive devices found in his apartment . newline_char holmes , 24 , unexpectedly dropped out of an elite neuroscience graduate program june 10 after failing part of his first-year final exam . newline_char police found holmes ' apartment near campus filled with booby-trapped explosive devices . newline_char at an initial court appearance monday morning , holmes had orange hair and a dazed demeanor , a contrast to the doctoral candidate who arrived at the university with stellar academic credentials and references . newline_char he 's due back in court july 30 , when he is expected to face several first-degree murder
