e french government released its own version of the white house video on the paris climate accord friday , complete with what it views as corrections to the trump administration ’ s stance on the deal . newline_char " advertisement the french government ’ s version of the video also says the deal was  newline_char the day after president trump announced he will withdraw the united states from the agreement , the french ministry for europe and foreign affairs tweeted the white house ’ s video with responses to the trump administration ’ s talking points penciled in . newline_char ” the french foreign affairs version reads , “ many major u.s. companies from all sectors , such as exxon mobile , schneider electric or microsoft , disagree . newline_char economy would lose 6.5 million industrial sector jobs , including 3.1 million manufacturing sector jobs by 2040. story_separator_special_tag french president emmanuel macron has offered a " second homeland " for us climate scientists after donald trump announced america would withdraw from the paris climate change agreement . newline_char join indpendent minds for exclusive articles , events and an advertising-free read for £5.99 €6.99 $ 9.99 a month get the best of the independent with an independent minds subscription for just £5.99 €6.99 $ 9.99 a month get the  story_separator_special_tag this time , french officials remade a white house video by editing captions that explain why the paris climate accord was a " bad deal " for the us . newline_char pic.twitter.com/8a92mbwe6c in the original 40-second us video , the first slide reads , " the paris accord is a bad deal for america . newline_char the video , posted on twitter by the french ministry for europe and foreign affairs , is france 's latest challenge of president donald trump 's decision to pull the united states out of the united nations-brokered deal , which seeks to limit global temperature rises by 2100 to 2 degrees celsius above levels recorded before industrialization . story_separator_special_tag this feature is not available right now .
