even seagal has joined fellow actor gérard depardieu on a blacklist of cultural figures barred from entering ukraine . newline_char ukraine 's security service said it had banned him from the country for five years , according to news site apostrophe , which published a letter from the service saying he had “ committed socially dangerous actions … that contradict the interests of maintaining ukraine ’ s security ” . newline_char the under siege star , 65 , whose grandmother was from vladivostok , has been branded a national security threat after he was granted russian citizenship last year and voiced support for russia 's seizure of crimea . story_separator_special_tag security service says it has forbidden seagal entry into country for five years , after actor received russian citizenship ukraine has banned american action movie star steven seagal as a national security threat , making him the latest of several cultural figures to be blacklisted . newline_char vladimir putin presents steven seagal with russian passport read more the letter said such a decision is made when a person has “ committed socially dangerous actions … that contradict the interests of maintaining ukraine ’ s security ” . newline_char in 2015 , seagal was included in a proposed blacklist of foreign cultural figures who “ speak out in support of violating the territorial integrity and sovereignty of ukraine ” along with french actor gérard depardieu and many russian artists newline_char the ukrainian security service said it had forbidden seagal entry to the country for five years , in a letter published by the news site apostrophe . newline_char ukraine previously banned russia ’ s entry to the eurovision song contest that kiev is hosting next week . newline_char he has eaten carrots with “ europe ’ s last dictator ” alexander lukashenko in belarus , ridden a horse in a suit of armour at the nomad games in kyrgyzstan and taken part in a traditional dance while visiting chechnya strongman ramzan kadyrov .
