sa announced monday that after 35 years of exploration , its voyager 1 spacecraft has entered a new , unanticipated region of space near the edge of the solar system -- a " magnetic highway " where charged particles take the " exit ramp " to interstellar space . newline_char the region connects the sun 's magnetic field lines to interstellar magnetic field lines , allowing " lower-energy charged particles that originate from inside our heliosphere ... newline_char the heliosphere is the " immense magnetic bubble containing our solar system , solar wind , and the entire solar magnetic field , " according to nasa . newline_char voyager 1 's instruments showed a five-fold increase in high-energy charged particles , accompanied by a  newline_char scientists say they believe this is the final region voyager 1 has to cross before reaching interstellar space . story_separator_special_tag the voyager team infers this region is still inside our solar bubble because the direction of the magnetic field lines has not changed . newline_char -- nasa 's voyager 1 spacecraft has entered a new region at the far reaches of our solar system that scientists feel is the final area the spacecraft has to cross before reaching interstellar space . newline_char scientists refer to this new region as a magnetic highway for charged particles because our sun 's magnetic field lines are connected to interstellar magnetic field lines . newline_char before entering this region , the charged particles bounced around in all directions , as if trapped on local roads inside the heliosphere . story_separator_special_tag they hope this road will lead voyager out of the heliosphere , away from the influence of the sun ’ s magnetic field… eventually . newline_char nasa scientists are calling it a highway because it lets particles in and out of the solar system . newline_char ed stone , voyager project scientist , based at caltech , explained that this highway is connected to interstellar space , but is still inside the magnetic field of the sun .
