, chairman of the senate finance committee , and sen. newline_char i would say half the senate have no idea what cap-and-trade is and could not explain it , ” rockefeller told the hill on tuesday . newline_char jay rockefeller jay rockefellerlobbying world overnight tech : senators place holds on fcc commissioner overnight tech : senate panel to vote on dem fcc commissioner more ( d-w.va. newline_char he said climate legislation should not reach the floor before july of next year , putting the controversial bill on the schedule only months before election day . newline_char ) and foreign relations committee chairman john kerry john kerryglobal magnitsky 's power to protect obama must act to protect palestinian youth tough choice for vulnerable gop  story_separator_special_tag legislation on health care , overhauling financial markets and job creation will be considered before the senate takes up a measure to cap emissions of carbon dioxide and other gases linked to climate change , senate democratic leaders said tuesday . newline_char climate legislation will be taken up " some time in the spring , " senate majority leader harry reid of nevada said tuesday after a democratic caucus meeting . newline_char he has said he would n't support the current senate proposal because of disagreements over its handling of nuclear energy . newline_char senate democratic leaders said tuesday they would put off debate on a big climate-change bill until spring , in a sign of weakening political will to tackle a long-term environmental issue at a time of high unemployment and economic uncertainty . newline_char white house spokesman ben labolt said tuesday mr. newline_char mr. newline_char , ariz. newline_char , feedlot in august . newline_char obama has said action to curb greenhouse gases would unleash investment in clean-energy technology and create jobs . newline_char obama was working with lawmakers to move newline_char technology was being tested there to turn cattle manure into energy .
