e eyewitness says he joined about a dozen secret service agents and a few u.s. military specialists at a strip club in san salvador a few days before president obama and his family arrived in el salvador to meet with its new president , mauricio funes . newline_char he says most of the secret service " advance-team " members also paid extra for access to the vip section of the club where they were provided a number of sexual favors in return for their cash . newline_char this source witnessed the majority of the men drink heavily ( " wasted , " " heavily intoxicated " ) at the strip club . newline_char it is unclear whether the escorts who returned to the hotels were some of the strippers from the same club . newline_char seattle-based investigative reporter chris halsne ( kirotv- cbs- cox media group ) just returned from el salvador , where he interviewed a u.s. government subcontractor who worked extensively with the secret service advance team ( snipers , k-9 and explosives sweeps ) in san salvador prior to president obama ’ s trip there in march of 2011 . story_separator_special_tag the story is largely similar to the events that led up to an incident in colombia earlier this month that prompted a widespread investigation into the agency.the secret service said thursday it was investigating the report . newline_char ) said he believed that there were instances of misconduct by secret service agents prior to the colombian prostitution scandal that has led to a number of resignations and firings and shaken confidence in the agency tasked with protecting the president . newline_char any information that is brought to our attention that can be assessed as credible will be followed up on in an appropriate manner , " said secret service spokesman max milien in a statement.the department of defense did not respond to a request for comment.on sunday , house oversight committee chairman darrell issa ( r-calif. newline_char advertisement the station also interviewed the owner of the strip club , who corroborated the allegations . newline_char regardless of whether the incidents were previously referred to internal newline_char sen.
