esident trump 's legal team believes attorney general jeff session 's justice department and the fbi — more than special counsel robert mueller himself — are to blame for what they see as a witch hunt . newline_char trump officials outlined their new line of thinking to me last night . story_separator_special_tag mueller iii and his team of a dozen-plus lawyers and investigators have proven stealthy in their wide-ranging russia probe . newline_char when trump reacts to new twists in the russia saga , they  newline_char mueller and his deputies are , in the fearful word of some trump loyalists , " killers . newline_char they have surprised the white house with one indictment after another , and summoned president trump 's confidants for lengthy interviews . newline_char " trump 's response , by contrast , is being directed by john m. newline_char dowd , the president 's personal lawyer retired from a large firm who works essentially as a one-man band , and ty cobb , a white house lawyer who works out of a small office in the west wing basement , near the cafeteria where staffers get lunch . story_separator_special_tag ohr ’ s duties – including whether she worked on the dossier – remains unclear but a review of her published works available online reveals mrs. newline_char exclusive : a senior justice department official demoted last week for concealing his meetings with the men behind the anti-trump “ dossier ” had even closer ties to fusion gps , the firm responsible for the incendiary document , than have been disclosed , fox news has confirmed : the official ’ s wife worked for fusion gps during the 2016 election . newline_char ohr , worked for the opposition research firm last year . newline_char ohr , wife of the demoted official , bruce g. newline_char fusion gps has attracted scrutiny because republican lawmakers have spent the better part of this year investigating whether the dossier , which was funded by the hillary clinton campaign and the democratic national committee , served as the basis for the justice department and the fbi to obtain fisa surveillance last year
