 the campaign trail , trump initially promised to enact a deportation force to deport all 11 million undocumented immigrants , starting with dangerous criminals . newline_char hispanic organizers are struggling to tamp down panic in their communities as federal authorities begin to implement president trump 's executive orders on immigration . newline_char “ they ’ re going to be out of here so fast , your head will spin , ” trump told fox news in august  newline_char one of the first cases to receive national attention , the deportation of arizona resident guadalupe garcia de rayos , has put undocumented and mixed status communities on edge . story_separator_special_tag president trump has promised to deport 2 to 3 million immigrants with criminal records , but immigration experts say that while the department of homeland security estimates there are 1.9 million " removable criminal aliens " in the united states , only about 690,000 are in this country illegally and have  newline_char the ice operations are the first to take place since president trump issued his jan. newline_char immigration raids are reported around the country enlarge this image toggle caption john moore/getty images john moore/getty images federal immigration authorities launched a new wave of raids and other actions in several states over the past five days aimed at sweeping up people who are in this country illegally . story_separator_special_tag u.s. immigration authorities arrested hundreds of undocumented immigrants in at least a half-dozen states this week in a series of raids that marked the first large-scale enforcement of president trump ’ s jan. newline_char trump has pledged to deport as many as 3 million undocumented immigrants with criminal records . newline_char 25 order to crack down on the estimated 11 million immigrants living here illegally . newline_char officials said the raids targeted known criminals , but they also netted some immigrants without criminal records , an apparent departure from similar enforcement waves during the obama administration . newline_char but gillian christensen , a spokeswoman for the
