also on politico : republicans line up to rip michele bachmann ) if anything , the uproar seems to have galvanized her base . newline_char and the contrasting reaction demonstrates why democrats will have a hard time in their latest effort to unseat the gop lightning rod . newline_char ” he also said he believes president barack obama vacations on martha ’ s  newline_char elk river , minn. newline_char supporters like duane halstad , a 69-year-old who was sitting on a porch watching a parade here , said bachmann is the “ only one telling the truth about this thing. newline_char text size - + reset but the northeast corridor ’ s stunned disbelief at what it saw as a loony conspiracy theory is replaced with hollers of support among bachmann ’ s many devoted fans here in the exurbs north of the twin cities that she represents . story_separator_special_tag ) last week claimed abedin ’ s family had ties to the muslim brotherhood and asked for a probe to see if she is helping the islamist organization . newline_char an individual , described as a muslim man , made the unspecified threat after rep. newline_char michele bachmann ( r-minn. story_separator_special_tag earlier this month , bachmann and four other republicans sent a letter to inspectors general in the state , homeland security , defense and justice departments calling on them to investigate “ potential muslim brotherhood infiltration ” of the obama administration by abedin , an aide to secretary clinton and wife of former rep. newline_char report cited by bachmann claims norquist linked to muslim brotherhood by eric w. newline_char michele bachmann ( r-mn ) cited in an attack on top state department aide huma abedin . newline_char as evidence of their claims , the five republicans cited “ the muslim brotherhood in america : the enemy within , ” a ten-part video course produced by the center for security policy . newline_char dolan sunday , july 22 , 2012 11:11 edt like raw story on facebook anti-tax crusader grover norquist helped the muslim brotherhood infiltrate the u.s. government , according to the report that rep.
