r hackers in search of information like credit card numbers and software to spy on computers , the site called carder profit appeared to be a veritable ebay for thieves . newline_char ” hackers have become increasingly successful recently in obtaining credit card information and other personal data , sharing it on secure web sites , often on overseas servers . newline_char on tuesday , after a two-year undercover operation , authorities in 13 countries arrested two dozen people who are accused of fraud involving computer crime . newline_char federal officials said operation card shop , as the sting is being called , was unusually broad and represented a significant step in combating credit card fraud , which has grown notably more sophisticated recently . newline_char “ these guys represent the complete ecosystem of internet fraud , ” said one senior law enforcement official who requested anonymity because of the confidentiality of the investigation . story_separator_special_tag new york ( reuters ) - u.s. law enforcement officials on tuesday said 24 suspected hackers had been arrested in a sting operation spanning four continents that targeted online financial fraud of stolen credit card and bank information . newline_char in a two-year investigation , fbi agents posed as hackers on internet forums , watching as other hackers swapped methods for breaching data security walls and creating fake credit cards that would work for internet and in-person purchases . newline_char eleven people were arrested in the united states , the federal bureau of investigation and the manhattan u.s. attorney 's office said . newline_char the probe prevented $ 205 million in possible losses on over 411,000 compromised consumer credit and debit cards , u.s. authorities in new york said . newline_char during the operation , the fbi said , it not only monitored the hackers ' activities but also contacted " multiple " people and institutions hit by the hackers and showed them how to repair their security breaches and protect themselves in the future .
