ijing ( reuters ) - more than 500 illegal outdoor barbecues , which chinese state media say cause " serious air pollution " , have been destroyed in beijing as part of an emergency program to alleviate the city 's often hazardous pollution . newline_char " over 500 illegal barbecue grills in beijing were destroyed on tuesday amid the city 's efforts to fight air pollution and lingering foggy weather , " state media xinhua reported on tuesday . newline_char pollution often reaches hazardous levels and can cause long-term health issues . newline_char china has adopted an emergency response program to try to reduce the pollution , including alternating days for cars with odd and even license plates to be on the road and closing schools when the smog is particularly heavy . newline_char last winter the capital 's smog was so bad it was dubbed the " airpocalypse " , and there are concerns this winter will see a repeat after huge swathes of northeastern china ground to a halt in october when they were smothered by pollution . newline_char ( reporting by paul carsten ; editing by alison williams )  newline_char smoke from factories and heating plants that encircle beijing , winds blowing in from the gobi desert and fumes from millions of vehicles all contribute to the smog that often forms a thick blanket over the city . story_separator_special_tag beijing is waging a war against air pollution and it is doing so one barbecue at a time . newline_char beijing 's pollution regularly reaches hazardous levels . newline_char the city government announced last month that emergency measures such as factory shutdowns and traffic limits would kick in when air pollution levels are particularly heavy . newline_char citizens online ridiculed the exercise , suggesting authorities should focus on bigger sources of pollution . newline_char a media officer at beijing 's xicheng district administration bureau said the hundreds of barbecue grills were confiscated over a three-month campaign and cut up so they could n't be used again .
