assad is not letting the friends of syria off the hook by making it easy for them to declare victory and close the syria file , ” mr. newline_char russia may find it harder to stave off international action against syria , which it has done so far using its veto at the united nations security council , as the chances for a political solution seem to recede . newline_char assad gave “ barely the slightest nod ” to mr. newline_char assad ’ s defiance may prompt mr. newline_char brahimi ’ s proposals . newline_char “ now what will they do ? newline_char brahimi to decline to continue his mission . newline_char coming after days of hints that mr. newline_char moreover , mr. newline_char assad might at last be ready to negotiate , his defiant speech on sunday promised trouble for both his friends and his enemies . newline_char that would present the “ friends of syria , ” the group of nations supporting the opposition — the united states and its western allies , turkey and some arab countries — with an unpalatable choice : intervene more aggressively or risk allowing the conflict to drag on indefinitely . story_separator_special_tag hours after assad addressed cheering loyalists at the damascus opera house on sunday in his first public speech in months , fighting erupted near the road to the city 's international airport , the syrian observatory for human rights said . newline_char beirut fighting raged across syria on monday with clashes reported just a few miles from where president bashar al-assad had unveiled a " peace plan " that syrians on both sides said would do nothing to end the country 's 21-month-old uprising . newline_char " every four to five minutes , we hear the burst from a rocket . newline_char we can not get any wounded out because we are essentially under siege by the shelling , " he said , adding that many civilians had fled . newline_char damascus residents said assad 's speech , which offered no newline_char taybet imam sits on an entrance to syria 's main north-south highway , close to the central city of hama .
