d until recently , the only way out of solitary was to become an informant , a policy that critics said endangered inmates ' lives . story_separator_special_tag ( ap ) — california agreed tuesday to end its unlimited isolation of imprisoned gang leaders , restricting a practice that once kept hundreds of inmates in notorious segregation units for a decade or longer . newline_char more than 500 had been in the unit for more than 10 years , though recent policy changes reduced that to 62 inmates isolated for a decade or longer as of late july . newline_char the new york city-based nonprofit center represents inmates in a class-action federal lawsuit settled on behalf of nearly 3,000 california inmates held in segregation statewide . newline_char the conditions triggered intermittent hunger strikes by tens of thousands of inmates throughout the prison system in recent years . newline_char the state is agreeing to segregate only inmates who commit new crimes behind bars and will no longer lock gang members in soundproofed , windowless cells solely to keep them from directing illegal activities by gang members . newline_char by 2012 , todd ashker and danny troxell were among 78 prisoners confined in pelican bay 's isolation unit for more than 20 years , though troxell has since been moved to another prison . newline_char ( associated press ) no other state keeps so many inmates segregated for so long , according to the center for constitutional rights . newline_char " i think there is a deepening movement away from solitary confinement in the country and i think this settlement will be a spur to that movement , " jules lobel , the inmates ' lead attorney and president of the center for constitutional rights , said in a telephone interview . newline_char sacramento , calif. newline_char the suit newline_char this may 27 , 2009 , photo provided by the california department of corrections and rehabilitation shows todd ashker , a validated leader of the aryan brotherhood , who has been in the security housing unit ...
