use republicans had failed once again to pass critical legislation out of their chamber , so the democrats who control the senate had all the leverage . newline_char senate minority leader mitch mcconnell closed the deal to avert a fiscal crisis . newline_char ( the washington post ) senate minority leader mitch mcconnell closed the deal to avert a fiscal crisis . newline_char ( the washington post ) by tuesday night , senate minority leader mitch mcconnell ( r-ky. newline_char so over the final 24 hours of the drama , mcconnell , perhaps the most accomplished congressional dealmaker of his time , scrambled to pick up the pieces . newline_char after the house failed , it was up to the senate to broker a solution to the problem . newline_char all of washington was scrambling to put the pieces of a deal in place to reopen the federal government , avert a federal debt default and deliver republicans from the political disaster that had been haunting them for two weeks . newline_char thursday , he  newline_char ) realized he had run out of luck . story_separator_special_tag starting in 1996 , alexa internet has been donating their crawl data to the internet archive . newline_char flowing in every day , these data are added to the wayback machine after an embargo period . story_separator_special_tag obama wanted to know why they were in the second day of a government shutdown that the speaker had repeatedly and publicly pledged to avoid . newline_char text size - + reset what obama said , why it matters politico analysis : assessing shutdown damage shutdown : flashback to 1995 “ john , what happened ? newline_char house speaker john boehner just wanted to sneak out of the white house for a smoke . newline_char 2 conversation . newline_char top 5 quotes ) it may be the most concise explanation of a chaotic , 16-day standoff that prompted the first government shutdown in nearly two decades and ended only hours before the world ’ s largest economy nearly exhausted its ability to pay the bills .
