ese are the first federal guidelines on circumcision , a brief medical procedure that involves cutting away the foreskin  newline_char new york ( ap ) — u.s. health officials on tuesday released a draft of long-awaited federal guidelines on circumcision , saying medical evidence supports the procedure and health insurers should pay for it . story_separator_special_tag the benefits of male circumcision outweigh the risks , according a long awaited draft of federal guidelines from u.s. health officials released on tuesday , which indicate that scientific evidence supports recommending the procedure . newline_char the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention found that medically performed male circumcision could help decrease the risk of contracting hiv and several other sexually transmitted infections ( stis ) as well as other health problems . newline_char from 1979 through 2010 , the national rate of newborn circumcision declined 10 percent to 58 percent , according to the cdc . newline_char the recommendation , which includes counseling parents of male newborns on the benefits and risks of the procedure , comes at a time when the rate of male circumcision has been decreasing in the united states . story_separator_special_tag the centers for disease control and prevention has released proposed guidance on circumcision that says the surgical procedure would help straight men in the united states reduce their risk of becoming infected with hiv , the virus that causes aids . newline_char the guidelines also emphasize that “ male circumcision is a voluntary procedure ” and that decisions about circumcision should take “ personal , cultural newline_char “ male circumcision is one strategy that may help reduce the continued spread of hiv in the u.s. newline_char ” the draft guidance , published tuesday in the federal register , states that all uncircumcised , sexually active straight males and adolescents — as well as parents of newborn males — should be counseled by their doctors on the key risks and benefits of circumcision .
