lentown police had charged perry with attempted homicide before the baby 's death . newline_char zymeir perry of allentown died at 11:51 a.m. at lehigh valley hospital-cedar crest , lehigh county coroner scott grim said in a news release saturday night . newline_char authorities say the toddler 's 19-year-old mother , johnesha perry , kissed her baby before pushing him over the rail and into the water , then jumped from the 52-foot-high bridge herself . newline_char witnesses said perry managed to walk to shore before collapsing , while allentown police officer joseph ianetta pulled zymeir from the river about 700 yards downstream and performed mouth-to-mouth resuscitation . newline_char a 20-month-old boy died saturday morning , six days after his mother allegedly threw him into the lehigh river from the hamilton street bridge in allentown . newline_char district attorney jim martin said saturday evening that perry has been released from lehigh valley hospital-cedar crest and moved to the lehigh county jail . newline_char mother who threw baby in river charged with attempted murder johnesha monae perry , who posted this photo of herself with her son as her profile picture on facebook last october , is  story_separator_special_tag witnesses told police zymeir 's 19-year-old mother , identified as johnesha perry , was pushing the baby across the hamilton street bridge in a stroller around 1:45 p.m. on may 3 when she stopped mid-span , took the child from the carriage , placed him on the railing , kissed him and then pushed him into the water , investigators said . newline_char zymeir perry , 1 , of allentown , was pronounced dead at 11:51 a.m. saturday at the lehigh valley hospital , cedar crest . newline_char neighbors said perry often made the trip across the river but she never did anything like that before . newline_char baby dies after mom allegedly throws him into river a 1-year-old baby boy died from his injuries nearly a week after he was allegedly thrown into the lehigh river by his own mother .
