ey found that teens with higher amounts of dehp in their urine had increased rates of insulin resistance , a condition that can lead to type 2 diabetes . newline_char credit : canned food photo via shutterstock view full size image the chemicals bisphenol a and phthalates are linked to obesity and insulin resistance in adolescents in two new studies , but the findings can not yet answer whether the hotly debated hormone-like compounds are causing the negative health effects they are linked with , experts say . newline_char the results held when the researchers controlled for some other risk factors for insulin resistance , such as the teens ' calorie intake and weight . newline_char the researchers did n't find an association between insulin resistance and other kinds of phthalates that are found in cosmetics and personal care products such as shampoos . newline_char " a previous study has identified an association between phthalates and insulin resistance in adult males , " so in the  newline_char " in laboratory studies , phthalates influence the expression of genes related to how we respond to sugar ingestion with insulin secretion , " said study researcher dr. story_separator_special_tag in a study published recently in the journal pediatrics , researchers from new york university school of medicine found a strong link between insulin resistance in u.s. teens and their urinary concentration of dehp , a chemical ( specifically a type of phthalate ) used in medical equipment and packaged food . newline_char researchers have previously seen links between insulin resistance -- a precursor to diabetes that can trigger weight gain -- and dehp levels in both adults and animals . newline_char using a national survey , the researchers collected data from a sample of teenagers related to glucose levels , fasting insulin , height , weight , poverty , ethnicity , and other factors . newline_char when the body becomes insulin resistant , it 's akin to having rusty keys that wo n't turn .
