age caption the escalating carnage in syria has increased pressure for western intervention the us is to step up its support for the syrian opposition as it fights to topple president bashar al-assad , secretary of state john kerry says . newline_char mr kerry said the us would provide direct support to rebel forces in the form of medical and food supplies . newline_char mr kerry was speaking at a gathering of the friends of syria group in rome . newline_char 'out of  story_separator_special_tag rome ( reuters ) - western powers pledged aid for syrian rebels on thursday but stopped short of offering them weapons , disappointing opponents of president bashar al-assad clamoring for more arms . newline_char washington has given $ 385 million in humanitarian aid for syria but u.s. president barack obama has so far refused to give arms , arguing it is difficult to prevent them from falling into the hands of militants who could use them on western targets . newline_char more than 70,000 syrians have been killed in a fierce conflict that began with peaceful anti-assad protests nearly two years ago . story_separator_special_tag u.s. to give syrian opposition $ 60 million more in non-lethal aid , kerry says the obama administration will ask congress for an additional $ 60 million in aid to help the syrian opposition council provide basic goods and services in areas under rebel control , secretary of state john kerry announced thursday in rome . story_separator_special_tag the obama administration will provide food and medicine to syrian rebel fighters , secretary of state john f. newline_char kerry said thursday , announcing a cautious u.s. foray into front-line battlefield support that falls far short of the heavy weapons or high-tech gear the rebels seek . newline_char “ the stakes are really high , and we can ’ t risk letting this country — in the heart of the middle east — be destroyed by vicious autocrats or hijacked by the extremists , ” kerry said following discussions among a group of western and arab nations that are funding , and in some cases arming , the fighters .
