u always have the option to delete your tweet location history . newline_char you always have the option to delete your tweet location history . newline_char tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications . newline_char tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications . story_separator_special_tag one tweet too many x marks the spot where denis finley , editor of the paper in bernie sanders ' hometown , screwed up . newline_char they underscored the tempting perils of journalists , even newsroom bosses , who feel compelled to opine on , well , just about anything.thus , finley saw an associated press tweet on how fans of frank lloyd wright are seeking to prevent the demolition of a montana office building designed in 1958 . newline_char but , as finley , executive editor of the gannett-owned burlington free press , unwittingly reminds us , there 's a difference between being responsibly provocative and perhaps tone deaf to your audience — especially in the digital age . newline_char in fact , it was only the third in a succession of curious tweets by finley . newline_char if oprah winfrey was the media 's big winner for her golden globes peroration on sexual harassment , finley was a ( fortunately less-publicized ) big loser due to ham-handed tweets . newline_char and it just prompted one citizen 's tweet , " this is awesome ! story_separator_special_tag you always have the option to delete your tweet location history . newline_char you always have the option to delete your tweet location history . newline_char tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications . newline_char tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications .
