published friday , july 7 , 2017 ) these tips will get you through tsa faster breaking with a practice that began after the 9/11 terrorist attacks , pittsburgh international airport will soon allow non-ticketed patrons past its security checkpoints , nbc news reported . newline_char the airport , getting back to the " good-old days " of air travel , will let non-flyers access inside gates , shops , restaurants and artwork year-round . newline_char with approval from the transportation security administration , the change will take effect sept. newline_char 5 . newline_char while the tsa said it supports pittsburgh 's change , it  story_separator_special_tag the airport is the first in the country to allow non-flyers to access areas beyond security checkpoints , according to the transportation security administration . newline_char bob ross , national president of the association of professional flight attendants , said the change will decrease airport safety and lead to longer security lines , causing flyers to miss their flights . newline_char “ allowing the non-flying public to go through security at the pittsburgh international airport for the sole purpose of shopping is a terrible precedent and an ill-conceived decision , ” ross said in a news release friday . newline_char the union representing flight attendants at american airlines is criticizing pittsburgh international airport 's decision to allow non-flyers to pass through security checkpoints to access the airside terminal 's shops , restaurants and gates . newline_char sign up for one of our email newsletters . newline_char “ days prior to the anniversary of 9/11 is when we should be reminding the public of  story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . newline_char crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . newline_char that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page 's authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
