t rather than one of his campaign rallies in his senate bid against republican ted cruz , the democrat was in front of the thousands that came out for willie nelson ’ s fourth of july picnic , an annual celebration of country music started by the legendary singer 45 years ago . newline_char “ it ’ s my honor to be here tonight , to be  newline_char updated and corrected . newline_char beto o ’ rourke walked on stage wearing a light blue button-down , with a texas-size american flag in the background . story_separator_special_tag see more of willie nelson on facebook  story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . newline_char crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . newline_char that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page 's authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web . story_separator_special_tag after bringing beto o ’ rourke onstage during his fourth of july picnic this summer , willie nelson is doubling down on his support of the u.s. senate candidate , headlining a rally and concert set for sept. newline_char also on the bill are leon bridges , joe ely , carrie rodriguez , tameca jones , and nelson ’ s sons lukas and micah nelson . newline_char ” “ my wife annie and i have met and spoken with beto and we share his concern for the direction things are headed , ” nelson said in the press release . newline_char 29 at auditorium shores . newline_char 19 : an initial report of leon bridges being on the bill was unconfirmed when the show was announced on sept. newline_char a press release from nelson ’ s publicist describes the event as “ the first public concert nelson has held for a political candidate.
