e findings are important because they mean that doctors and patients should be wary of the drugs ' side effects , according to the study authors . newline_char pathological gambling , hypersexuality and compulsive shopping are some of the abnormal behaviors that are linked to the use of certain drugs commonly used to treat parkinson 's disease , according to a new study . newline_char but they also give researchers a better understanding of how abnormal behaviors develop in general , and how such behaviors may be related to the brain receptor that is targeted by the drug , the authors said . newline_char howard d. newline_char gregory m. story_separator_special_tag the problems with the drugs , called dopamine agonists , are serious enough that the researchers say the food and drug administration should require the medicines to carry what 's called a black-box warning , one of the most prominent and serious cautions used for prescriptions drugs . newline_char treatments parkinson 's drugs can be a gateway to sin i itoggle caption imagezoo/corbis imagezoo/corbis drugs that are commonly prescribed to help people cope with parkinson 's disease have been linked to bizarre changes in behavior that patients and doctors should be on guard against , researchers say . newline_char some of the drugs are also prescribed for restless leg syndrome and hyperprolactinemia , a hormonal condition that can trigger milk production . story_separator_special_tag importance severe impulse control disorders involving pathological gambling , hypersexuality , and compulsive shopping have been reported in association with the use of dopamine receptor agonist drugs in case series and retrospective patient surveys . newline_char objectives to analyze serious adverse drug event reports about these impulse control disorders received by the us food and drug administration ( fda ) and to assess the relationship of these case reports with the 6 fda-approved dopamine receptor agonist drugs . newline_char we used the proportional
