e discovery of these branched integumentary structures outside theropods suggests that featherlike structures coexisted with scales and were potentially widespread among the entire dinosaur clade ; feathers may thus have been present in the earliest dinosaurs . newline_char abstract middle jurassic to early cretaceous deposits from northeastern china have yielded varied theropod dinosaurs bearing feathers . newline_char filamentous integumentary structures have also been described in ornithischian dinosaurs , but whether these filaments can be regarded as part of the evolutionary lineage toward feathers remains controversial . newline_char theropod dinosaurs , thought to be the direct ancestors of birds , sported birdlike feathers . newline_char this seemingly feathery nontheropod dinosaur shows that feathers were not unique to the ancestors of birds and may even have been quite widespread . story_separator_special_tag the discovery of 150-million-year-old fossils in siberia indicates that feathers were much more widespread among dinosaurs than previously thought . newline_char media playback is unsupported on your device media caption kulindadromeus zabaikalicus ' discovery in siberia challenges our understanding of how dinosaurs evolved , as pallab ghosh reports ( uk users only ) all dinosaurs were covered with feathers or had the potential to grow feathers , a study suggests . newline_char it has completely changed our vision of dinosaurs dr pascal godefroit , royal belgian institute of natural sciences the creature , called kulindadromeus zabaikalicus , was about 1m long , with a short snout , long hind legs , short arms , and five strong fingers . newline_char until now , fossilised evidence of feathery dinosaurs has come from china and from a meat eating group called theropods . newline_char fluffy covering the find takes the origin of feathers millions of years further back in time than had previously been thought , said dr pascal godefroit of the royal belgian institute of natural sciences in brussels , belgium , who led the research .
