hn mccain john sidney mccainovernight defense : mccain honored in capitol ceremony | mattis extends border deployment | trump to embark on four-country trip after midterms congress gives mccain the highest honor poll : more dems approve of mccain than republicans after his death more ( r-ariz. newline_char pence praised mccain ’ s service during the vietnam war , during which he was captured and tortured after refusing early release . newline_char “ americans marveled at the iron will of john mccain . newline_char advertisement before his death , mccain requested trump not attend his funeral . newline_char the two had a combative relationship , with trump often publicly criticizing mccain and mccain frequently opposing trump 's policies . newline_char vice president pence spoke at the capitol on friday , where the late sen. newline_char “ the president asked me to be here on behalf of a grateful nation to pay a debt of honor and respect to a man who served our country throughout his life , in uniform and in public office , ” said pence , who was representing president trump donald john trumpcalifornia lawmakers pass stiffest net neutrality law in us trump criticizes abc/wapo poll that found support for impeachment trump hails unions , touts trade moves in labor day message more , who was not in attendance . story_separator_special_tag ( photo by john mcdonnell/the washington post via ap , pool ) ( associated press ) washington ( ap ) — americans lined up for blocks outside the u.s. capitol thursday to say goodbye to john mccain as officials , relatives and friends paid their tributes inside to the vietnam hero and longtime senator lying in state under the majestic dome . newline_char a light rain fell as mccain 's casket was carried into the capitol by members of america 's military services . newline_char " we thank god for giving this country john mccain . newline_char earlier , vice president mike pence , lawmakers and guests paid tribute at an emotional ceremony surrounding mccain 's casket in the vast rotunda . newline_char john mccain , r-ariz. newline_char john mccain , r-ariz. newline_char ( photo by john mcdonnell/the washington post via ap , pool ) ( associated press ) the flag-draped casket of sen. newline_char " house speaker
