tory_separator_special_tag mohammed tawfeeq , a cnn producer , editor and iraqi national who was detained at an atlanta airport on sunday , has filed a federal lawsuit challenging president trump 's executive order on immigration , according to the atlanta journal constitution . newline_char advertisement tawfeeq ’ s cnn duties include frequently traveling to the middle east , according to the lawsuit filed tuesday. newline_char tawfeeq was detained sunday at hartsfield-jackson international airport for additional screening , delaying his entry into the united states . newline_char tawfeeq has been a permanent legal resident of the u.s. since 2013 . newline_char “ the executive order has greatly increased the uncertainty involved in current and future international travel for returning lawful permanent residents like mr. newline_char tawfeeq , ” the lawsuit states . story_separator_special_tag tawfeeq presented himself for inspection at atlanta hartsfield-jackson international airport , the [ u.s. customs and border patrol ] officer in primary inspection notified him that he could be refused entry under the president ’ s recently-signed executive order , ” the complaint says . newline_char tawfeeq ’ s native iraq is one of seven countries affected by the ban . newline_char in a lawsuit filed in the federal court in atlanta on monday , mohammed abdullah tawfeeq says he ’ s traveled abroad for cnn as both a producer and editor for years without incident . newline_char atlanta ( cn ) – a cnn journalist claims in court he was unlawfully detained over the weekend as a result of president donald trump ’ s controversial executive order banning immigrants from seven countries in the middle east from entering the united states . newline_char tawfeeq to wait because they needed to seek ‘ an e-mail ’ concerning whether he would be allowed into the united states , newline_char tawfeeq says the officer scanned his passport and green card , and then began asking him pointed questions about the nature of his trip .
