 , 2017 , deadline to release thousands of documents related to the 1963 assassination in compliance with the president john f. newline_char the last batch of documents related to the assassination of president john f. newline_char kennedy assassination records collection act of 1992 . newline_char the 19,045 documents — the largest batch to date — represent the final release under a directive from president trump donald john trumpavenatti ‘ still considering ’ presidential run despite domestic violence arrest mulvaney positioning himself to be commerce secretary : report kasich : wouldn ’ t want presidential run to ‘ diminish my voice ’ more . story_separator_special_tag washington — president donald trump issued an order thursday , keeping some of the most sensitive records from the kennedy assassination files sealed for another 3 1/2 years , as the national archives released a final batch under a law meant to force most of the records into the light by last fall . newline_char in 1992 , congress set a 25-year deadline for releasing remaining documents stemming from john f. story_separator_special_tag jfk assassination records - 2018 additional documents release the national archives is releasing documents previously withheld in accordance with the jfk assassination records collection act . newline_char learn more these releases include fbi , cia , and other agency documents ( both formerly withheld in part and formerly withheld in full ) identified by the assassination records review board as assassination records . newline_char the records at issue are documents previously identified as assassination records , but withheld in full or withheld in part . story_separator_special_tag washington ( ap ) — back in october , president donald trump blocked the release of hundreds of records on the assassination of president john f. newline_char trump writes in memo issued thursday that some of the classified documents are " of such gravity that it outweighs the public interest in immediate disclosure . newline_char the president ordered agencies to review the remaining documents in the next three years to determine which should be
