e word yowza appears in the new edition of merriam webster 's " official scrabble players dictionary , " in new york , thursday , sept. newline_char . ( associated press ) the word yowza appears in the new edition of merriam webster 's " official scrabble players dictionary , " in new york , thursday , sept. newline_char merriam-webster released the sixth edition of " the official scrabble players dictionary " on monday , four years after the last freshening up . newline_char ( ap photo/richard drew ) ( associated press ) new york ( ap ) — scrabble players , time to rethink your game because 300 new words are coming your way , including some long-awaited gems : ok and ew , to name a few . newline_char " " ok is something scrabble players have been waiting for , for a long time , " said lexicographer peter sokolowski , editor at large at merriam-webster . newline_char , left out one possibility under consideration for a hot minute — rbi — after consulting competitive players who thought it potentially too contentious . newline_char 20 , 2018 . newline_char 20 , 2018 . newline_char but that 's ok because , " ok. newline_char " most of these are obscure . newline_char " there are some sweet scorers now eligible for play , including bizjet , and some magical vowel dumps , such as arancini , those italian balls of cooked rice . newline_char bizjet , meaning — yes — a small  newline_char the company , at the behest of scrabble owner hasbro inc. story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . newline_char crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . newline_char that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page 's authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
