age copyright getty images image caption as the oil and gas industry has expanded in parts of the us , so have the number of earthquakes massive injections of wastewater from the oil and gas industry are likely to have triggered a sharp rise in earthquakes in the state of oklahoma . newline_char sudden swarm there has been increasing evidence of links between the process of oil and gas extraction and earthquakes in states like arkansas , texas , ohio and oklahoma in recent years . newline_char the us geological survey ( usgs ) has also reported on the question of seismicity induced by wastewater disposal . newline_char investigators linked it to the injection of wastewater from the oil industry . story_separator_special_tag past research has shown that processes such as wastewater injection at oil drilling and fracking sites throughout the state could induce a small number of earthquakes but scientists have never been able to specifically link some of the more distant or stronger earthquakes with these sometimes faraway wastewater wells . newline_char a study published today in science explains how wastewater injection sites—areas where toxic water left over from oil drilling and fracking processes is injected into the ground between impermeable layers of rocks to avoid polluting freshwater—could be driving the sharp increase in the sometimes-disastrous earthquake events . newline_char more than 230 earthquakes with a magnitude greater than 3.0 have shaken the state of oklahoma already this year . newline_char “ it really is unprecedented to have this many earthquakes over a broad region like this , ” says study co-author geoffrey abers of cornell university . newline_char that is , until now . newline_char the surge in seismic activity has left residents and experts alike wondering about the underlying cause . newline_char so you might see little swarms but nothing really this distributed and this persistent. newline_char ” abers and his colleagues dug up data on the rates and volumes of liquids associated with the wastewater injection
