obal food giant nestle said it has found that its thailand seafood suppliers are engaged in abusive labor practices -- a risk many companies face when sourcing from the country 's fishing industry . newline_char some are charged excessive fees , leaving them stuck in debt , in order to get jobs where they catch and process fish that ends up in nestle 's ( nsrgf ) supply chain , according to a report the company commissioned from verite , a u.s.-based fair labor advocacy group . story_separator_special_tag migrant workers toiling in thailand ’ s seafood industry to supply global companies such as nestle sa are subjected to hazardous , exploitative and degrading conditions in which some fishermen are even sold to other boat captains , a report commissioned by the company found . newline_char ” the findings , which are consistent with the non-government group ’ s previous research on thailand ’ s fishing industry , “ present an urgent challenge to any company sourcing seafood. newline_char ” thailand ’ s seafood industry has come under global scrutiny in recent years following reports from media outlets such as the associated press , the guardian and global post that showed widespread abuse of workers , mainly migrants from neighboring cambodia and myanmar . story_separator_special_tag our fish and seafood come from a wide variety of sources , including wild fisheries in oceans around the world and from fish farms that breed their own fish . newline_char how we source fish and seafood we understand the importance of having sustainable fisheries and healthy fish farms , as well as the immense challenges we all must overcome to source fish and seafood responsibly . newline_char we purchased around 130 000 tonnes of fish and seafood in 2016 , most of which is for nestlé purina . newline_char like meat and poultry , the seafood we procure is used in ready-made and frozen meals , healthcare nutrition products such as sports drinks , and especially pet food . newline_char fish and seafood are precious resources for our planet and all who live on it .
