e detector tests could be used regularly on 'high risk ' sex offenders compulsory lie detector tests are set be introduced to monitor convicted sex offenders under a change to the law due to be approved later . newline_char justice minister jeremy wright issued a statement saying : " introducing lie detector tests , alongside the sex offenders register and close monitoring in the community , will give us one of the toughest approaches in the world to managing this group . newline_char trials in two areas found the tests made sex criminals more open with probation officers . newline_char polygraph tests measure blood pressure  newline_char " the government aims to roll out the tests next spring , subject to the parliamentary timetable . story_separator_special_tag the national rollout of us-style mandatory polygraph tests for serious sex offenders who have been released into the community after serving their prison sentence follows a successful pilot scheme . newline_char the trial was carried out from 2009-11 in two midlands probation areas and found that offenders taking such tests were twice as likely to tell probation staff they had contacted a victim , entered an exclusion zone or otherwise breached terms of their release licence . newline_char but it is expected that the compulsory polygraph tests will be used to monitor the behaviour of 750 of the most serious sex offenders , all of whom have been released into the community after serving a sentence of at least 12 months in jail . newline_char mps are expected to clear the way for the introduction of compulsory lie detector tests to monitor convicted sex offenders across england and wales from next january . newline_char continuing concerns about the reliability of the tests and misinterpretation of the results mean they still can not be used in any court in england and wales . newline_char the tests involve measuring reactions to specific questions by monitoring heart rate , blood pressure , breathing and levels of perspiration to assess whether the subject is being truthful .
