rie joseph went swimming in the pool at lafayette park sunday with friends . newline_char teenagers who entered the poolside area at the vietnam veterans memorial pool at lafayette park at 10 p.m. tuesday called police to report a body floating there . newline_char detectives spoke with a 9-year-old boy , a neighbor to joseph , who went to the pool with her and a group  newline_char investigators began looking for her after park personnel told them they found clothing , a cell phone and a massachusetts identification card left behind at the pool when they closed for the night on sunday . newline_char “ but the refrain you will be hearing from us , constantly , is that this is a matter under investigation. story_separator_special_tag fall river police lieutenant roger lafleur said in a statement that officers went to vietnam veterans memorial swimming pool at lafayette park at about 10 p.m. tuesday and pulled joseph from the water . newline_char the body of a 36-year-old woman was pulled from a state-run pool in fall river tuesday night , apparently after being in the water since sunday , prompting the temporary closure of all state-operated deep-water pools in massachusetts while officials investigate , authorities said . newline_char it was not clear yesterday if any swimmers noticed the woman ’ s body between sunday and tuesday . newline_char she was taken to a hospital where she was later pronounced dead . newline_char edward m. newline_char lambert jr. newline_char high temperatures around the state will range from the low 70s to the low 80s today and tomorrow , according to the national weather service in taunton . newline_char gregg miliote , a spokesman for the bristol district attorney ’ s office , said in a phone interview that people walking by the pool late newline_char — commissioner of the state department of conservation and recreation , which operates the pool — said in a statement yesterday that all 30 of the agency ’ s deep-water pools will close for 24 to 48 hours while investigators review safety procedures .
