 va hospitals really are falsifying records to disguise lengthy waiting times — and if veterans are dying as a consequence — then president obama needs to  newline_char view archive the va situation , however , looks more serious day by day . newline_char finally , an authentic scandal : incompetence and deception at the department of veterans affairs . newline_char in a three-decade career at the post , robinson has been city hall reporter , city editor , foreign correspondent in buenos aires and london , foreign editor , and assistant managing editor in charge of the paper ’ s style section . story_separator_special_tag va scandal democrats can dismiss benghazi and the irs as pseudo-scandals , maybe , but 40 veterans have died , and where has obama been ? newline_char what is most surprising about the present controversy surrounding the substandard treatment at the va , in which at least 40 veterans lost their lives while awaiting treatment , is that house veterans affairs committee chairman jeff miller ( r-fl ) had alerted the president to trouble nearly a year ago . newline_char but recent revelations about shoddy care at veterans affairs ( va ) facilities across the country have brought bipartisan condemnation from capitol hill that should worry a commander in chief whose reaction to the brewing tempest has been muted at best . newline_char up to now , president obama and congressional democrats had thought “ so-called ” scandals involving benghazi , the irs , and operation fast and furious were largely behind them . newline_char president : i am writing to bring to your attention an alarming pattern of serious and significant patient care issues at the department of veterans affairs medical centers ( vamcs ) across the country . newline_char recent events at the atlanta , georgia , vamc provide a perfect illustration of the management failures , deceptions , and lack of accountability permeating va newline_char totally absent . newline_char nothing to see , just republican witch hunts designed to embarrass the president and perhaps land blows against hillary clinton .
