e 29-page report from the geneva-based u.n. human rights committee accepted a complaint filed by amanda mellet , a dublin woman who was denied a 2011 abortion in ireland after her doctor informed her that her fetus had a fatal heart defect and could not survive outside the womb . newline_char dublin ( ap ) — united nations human rights experts said thursday that ireland 's abortion ban subjects women to discriminatory , cruel and degrading treatment and should be ended for cases involving fatal fetal abnormalities . story_separator_special_tag the woman known as “ am ” complained to the u.n. human rights committee after being told in the 21st week of pregnancy in november 2011 that her baby would die in  newline_char abortion laws in majority roman catholic ireland are among the most restrictive in the world : a complete ban on terminating a pregnancy was lifted in 2013 after large street protests from both sides . newline_char geneva/dublin ( reuters ) - an irish woman forced to choose between carrying her baby with a fatal congenital defect to term and going abroad for an abortion had her rights violated and deserves compensation , a united nations panel said on thursday . story_separator_special_tag ireland 's ban on abortion subjected a woman carrying a foetus with a fatal abnormality to discrimination and cruel , inhuman or degrading treatment , the united nations has found . newline_char independent experts , from the geneva-based human rights committee , said amanda mellet was forced to choose between carrying her baby to term , knowing it would not survive , or travelling abroad for a termination . story_separator_special_tag the un ’ s human rights committee has called on the irish government to reform its restrictive abortion legislation , after ruling that it subjected a woman to cruel , inhuman and degrading treatment and violated her human rights . newline_char the judgment marks the first time that an international human rights committee has recognised that by criminalising abortion , a state has violated a woman ’ s human rights .
