soldier from north korea who defected to the south has been found with anthrax antibodies in his system , sparking concern at the rogue state 's biological weapons capabilities , it has been reported . newline_char " anthrax antibodies have been found in the north korean soldier who defected this year , " the source told the network . newline_char south korea 's military is expected to have an anthrax vaccine developed by the end of 2019 , the country 's defence ministry said . newline_char the japanese newspaper asahi reported how north korea is experimenting with heat and pressure equipment to prevent anthrax from dying at high temperatures of over 7,000 degrees generated at the time of an icbm 's re-entry into the atmosphere . newline_char anthrax can kill within 24 hours unless people have been vaccinated or antibiotics are taken . newline_char a south korean intelligence official told local news network channel a that the unnamed soldier had been either exposed to or vaccinated for anthrax and had developed immunity to the deadly disease . story_separator_special_tag 26 ( upi ) -- one of the north korean soldiers who defected to the south in 2017 was found to have antibodies in his bloodstream , a sign pyongyang possesses anthrax , the acute disease caused by bacteria . newline_char one of the north korean soldiers who defected across the demilitarized zone was found to have developed antibodies against anthrax , according to a south korean press report . newline_char but south korea 's military has yet to secure an anthrax vaccine . newline_char south korean authorities did not identify the soldier , who was either exposed to or vaccinated for anthrax , but did confirm he had developed immunity to the deadly disease before he defected , local news network channel a reported tuesday . newline_char " anthrax antibodies have been found in the north korean soldier who defected this year , " a south korean intelligence official told the network on the condition of anonymity .
