rkeley funding after protests against milo yiannopoulos turn violent president donald trump threatened to withdraw federal funding from the university of california at berkeley over its decision to cancel an event at which breitbart news writer milo yiannopoulos , known for his provocative and often misogynistic stances , was scheduled to speak . newline_char a bonfire set by demonstrators protesting a scheduled speaking appearance by breitbart news editor milo yiannopoulos burns on sproul plaza on the university of california at berkeley campus on wednesday , feb. newline_char ” trump wrote on twitter on thursday morning . newline_char berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view - no federal funds ? story_separator_special_tag warns americans of terrorist threat at world cup more early thursday threatened to cut federal funding to the university of california , berkeley after violent protests broke out on its campus wednesday in response to a planned appearance by a far-right commentator . newline_char berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view — no federal funds ? newline_char berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view - no federal funds ? story_separator_special_tag ap photo/carolyn kaster president donald trump on thursday threatened to pull federal funding from the university of california at berkeley after the campus experienced violent protests over a planned speech from conservative provocateur milo yiannopoulos . newline_char uc berkeley received $ 370 million in federal research funding in 2015-2016 , according to the university 's website . newline_char berkeley is the flagship campus of the public university of california system . newline_char " trump wrote on twitter on thursday morning . newline_char berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view - no federal funds ?
