 reported june 13 in cell reports , a topical drug penetrated and tanned laboratory samples of live human skin , absent the sun . newline_char it ’ s an early step in developing a lotion or cream that might provide fair-skinned folk with protection against skin cancer . newline_char unlike self-tanning lotions that essentially stain skin brown and provide minimal sun protection , the drug activates the production of the dark form of the skin pigment melanin , which absorbs uv radiation and diminishes damage to skin cells . newline_char the researchers used mice with skin like that of red-haired , fair-skinned people , who don ’ t tan because of a nonfunctioning protein on the surface of the skin cells that make melanin . story_separator_special_tag potent tan uv light makes the skin tan by causing damage . newline_char the team at massachusetts general hospital hope their discovery could prevent skin cancer and even slow the appearance of ageing . newline_char image copyright getty images scientists have developed a drug that mimics sunlight to make the skin tan , with no damaging uv radiation involved . newline_char the drug tricks the skin into producing the brown form of the pigment melanin in tests on skin samples and mice . newline_char the drug is rubbed into the skin to skip the damage and kick-start the process of making melanin . newline_char this kicks off a chain of chemical reactions in the skin that ultimately leads to dark melanin - the body 's natural sunblock - being made . story_separator_special_tag we wanted to know whether it would be possible to activate real skin pigmentation without using radiation or the sun ’ s rays , which are damaging and dangerous . newline_char s cientists hoping to harness melanin ’ s protective power against skin cancer have created a class of small molecules that could help the skin produce more uv-absorbing pigments . newline_char we discovered a class of compounds that have the ability to penetrate into the skin and trigger pigmentation .
