e cia ’ s armed drones and paramilitary forces have killed dozens of al-qaeda leaders and thousands of its foot soldiers . newline_char the cia ’ s armed drones and paramilitary forces have killed dozens of al-qaeda leaders and thousands of its foot soldiers . newline_char the seals are just part of the u.s. military ’ s joint special operations command , known by the acronym jsoc , which has grown from a rarely used hostage rescue team into america ’ s secret army . newline_char the seals are just part of the u.s. military ’ s joint special operations command , known by the acronym jsoc , which has grown from a rarely used hostage rescue team into america ’ s secret army . newline_char cia operatives have imprisoned and interrogated nearly 100 suspected terrorists in their former secret prisons around the world , but troops from this other secret organization have imprisoned and interrogated 10 times as many , holding them in jails that it alone controls in iraq and afghanistan . story_separator_special_tag the cia ’ s armed drones and paramilitary forces have killed dozens of al-qaeda leaders and thousands of its foot soldiers . newline_char the cia ’ s armed drones and paramilitary forces have killed dozens of al-qaeda leaders and thousands of its foot soldiers . newline_char the seals are just part of the u.s. military ’ s joint special operations command , known by the acronym jsoc , which has grown from a rarely used hostage rescue team into america ’ s secret army . newline_char the seals are just part of the u.s. military ’ s joint special operations command , known by the acronym jsoc , which has grown from a rarely used hostage rescue team into america ’ s secret army . newline_char cia operatives have imprisoned and interrogated nearly 100 suspected terrorists in their former secret prisons around the world , but troops from this other secret organization have imprisoned and interrogated 10 times as many , holding them in jails that it alone controls in iraq and afghanistan .
