line inmate records show 20-year-old brock turner is expected to be released from the santa clara county jail on sept. newline_char ( associated press ) this january 2015 booking photo released by the santa clara county sheriff 's office shows brock turner . newline_char ( associated press ) this january 2015 booking photo released by the santa clara county sheriff 's office shows brock turner . newline_char ( associated press ) this january 2015 booking photo released by the santa clara county sheriff 's office shows brock turner . newline_char this january 2015 booking photo released by the santa clara county sheriff 's office shows brock turner . newline_char ( associated press ) san francisco ( ap ) — a former stanford university swimmer whose six-month sentence for sexually assaulting an unconscious woman ignited widespread outrage will leave jail three months early . story_separator_special_tag / reuters former stanford student brock turner who was sentenced to six months in county jail for the sexual assault of an unconscious and intoxicated woman is shown in this santa clara county sheriff 's booking photo taken january 18 , 2015 , and received june 7 , 2016 . newline_char brock turner was sentenced june 2 to six months in county jail followed by three years of probation . newline_char santa clara county sheriff 's department/handout via reuters in a tone-deaf statement by the 20-year-old sex offender , turner blamed his actions on stanford 's " party culture " while simultaneously turning himself into the victim of his newline_char santa clara department of correction booking information for turner shows his scheduled release date is sept. newline_char during his brief stay behind bars , turner will remain in protective custody , as perpetrators of sexual assault are often targeted by other inmates , according to tmz . newline_char the stanford sex offender who blamed his assault of an unconscious woman on the " peer pressure " of fitting in at college was sentenced to just six months in jail .
