hannesburg – zimbabwe 's first lady , grace mugabe suffered a minor injury at harare international airport after the presidential limousine tried to drive off before she ’ d got in . newline_char the incident occurred shortly after president robert mugabe and his wife landed back in the country from a week in singapore , where the president had gone for a medical check-up . story_separator_special_tag image copyright gabriella engels zimbabwean first lady grace mugabe has so far failed to appear in a south african court over an assault case despite officials saying she would do . newline_char south african police said in the late afternoon they did not know where mrs mugabe was . newline_char a 20-year-old south african woman has accused mrs mugabe of hitting her on the head with an extension cord during a confrontation at a hotel . newline_char gabriella engels accused mrs mugabe , 52 , of hitting her after finding her with her two sons in a hotel room in sandton , a plush suburb north of johannesburg , the bbc 's  story_separator_special_tag mugabe is " not under arrest because she cooperated and handed herself over , " minister of police fikile mbalula said in a video posted on enca . newline_char twenty-year-old gabriella engels has accused mugabe of assaulting her while she was visiting mugabe 's sons in a hotel room in an upscale johannesburg suburb . story_separator_special_tag gabriella engels following an alleged assault by grace mugabe on sunday ( supplied ) johannesburg – a twenty-year-old model claims zimbabwean first lady grace mugabe assaulted her with an extension cord in sandton on sunday evening . newline_char the zimbabwean mail reported that mugabe was in the country to have her foot examined following an accident at the harare international airport . newline_char mugabe may face prosecution for the alleged assault in south africa . newline_char gabriella engels on monday said she was visiting mugabe ’ s two sons robert and chatunga at the capital 20 west hotel whom she
