said the white house should seek international support for “ limited , targeted strikes ” against syria , once again urging the administration to “ increase the military pressure on the [ bashar ] assad regime by providing lethal aid to vetted elements of the syrian opposition. newline_char white house officials offered few details and no timeline for a possible attack on syria during a 90-minute conference call on thursday evening for members of congress , according to a congressional source who participated in the call . newline_char jim inhofe , was undeterred in his opposition to military operations in syria until there ’ s a clear plan to pay for them . newline_char “ is it going to be more furloughs ? newline_char ” ( photos : scenes from syria ) meanwhile , the committee ’ s ranking republican , sen. newline_char “ the administration owes it to congress and to the american people to lay out how they will fund their military action , ” inhofe said . story_separator_special_tag washington—the obama administration presented its case for possible military action against syria to congressional leaders , including evidence from an intercepted phone call involving a high-level syrian official , which a lawmaker said officials offered as proof of a government chemical-weapons attack . newline_char the administration officials made clear that its focus in syria was on " preventing [ president bashar ] al-assad from using chemical weapons again , " said a democratic aide briefed on the call . newline_char several lawmakers said they came away from the briefing with a conviction that the assad regime was behind the attack , but that president barack obama must do more to persuade the country military action is needed and to rally international support . newline_char eliot engel ( d. newline_char rep. newline_char , n.y. newline_char the evidence was part of a 90-minute , unclassified briefing delivered to the congressional leaders in a conference call thursday evening .
