sseldorf , germany ( cnn ) analysis of a tablet device belonging to germanwings flight 9525 co-pilot andreas lubitz shows he researched suicide methods on the internet in the days leading up to the crash , a german prosecutor said thursday . newline_char dusseldorf prosecutor christoph kumpa said that on one day lubitz also " searched for several minutes with search terms relating to cockpit doors and their security measures . newline_char lubitz is suspected of deliberately bringing down germanwings flight 9525 in the french alps on march 24 , killing all 150 on board . newline_char " police analysis of the correspondence and search history on the device , retrieved from lubitz 's dusseldorf apartment , demonstrated that the co-pilot used it from march 16 to march 23 , kumpa said . story_separator_special_tag duesseldorf prosecutors said thursday investigators found a tablet computer at andreas lubitz 's apartment . newline_char investigators believe the 27-year-old lubitz locked his captain out of the a320 's cockpit on march 24 and deliberately crashed the plane . newline_char ( associated press ) berlin ( ap ) — german prosecutors say the co-pilot of germanwings flight 9525 appears to have researched suicide methods and cockpit door security in the days before the plane crashed last week . newline_char investigators believe co-pilot andreas lubitz intentionally crashed the germanwings a320 ... story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag lubitz took to put the plane into its fatal descent and to prevent the captain from re-entering the cockpit . newline_char prosecutors in düsseldorf declined to release any information on the exact search terms found on mr. newline_char lubitz ’ s ipad . newline_char lubitz ’ s apartment . newline_char the discovery of the second black box , the flight data recorder , should enable the authorities to determine more precisely what actions mr. newline_char they said such details must remain confidential until all the evidence had been evaluated .
