ory highlights senate committee chairman lieberman asks whether there 's a pattern of misconduct house committee chairman king asks for minute-by-minute timeline the actions of a few should not denigrate the many professionals , axelrod says collins and maloney suggest more female agents could help avoid such a scandal a senate committee will expand its probe into the u.s. secret service this week following a scandal involving prostitutes in colombia in advance of a recent trip by the president . newline_char the homeland security committee will send the secret service " some questions this week , as the beginning of our broader investigation , asking whether ... newline_char " some secret service members and agents allegedly brought back several prostitutes to a hotel in cartagena , according to sources familiar with the u.s. government 's investigation . newline_char the secret service says 12 members of the agency have been implicated in the incident . newline_char what 's the secret service going to do to make sure it never happens again ? newline_char this was an exception , or is there anything in the records that show this is a pattern of misconduct that has gone on elsewhere by secret service agents on assignment , but off-duty ? story_separator_special_tag the chairman of a house committee investigating an alleged secret service prostitution scandal predicted more firings as key lawmakers and a top adviser to president barack obama expressed confidence sunday that the agency will effectively deal with the incident . newline_char a secret service official confirmed sunday that one of the 12 implicated in the scandal was staying at a different hotel than the others . newline_char eleven secret service employees are accused of misconduct in connection with a prostitution scandal at the hotel ... newline_char , said he expected that in the " near future , several other " members of the secret service will leave . newline_char " so far , the scandal includes 12 secret service employees and 11 military members . newline_char six of the secret service members have lost their jobs .
