ese crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . newline_char crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . newline_char that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page 's authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web . story_separator_special_tag police in the city of vallejo initially discounted a report by denise huskins and her boyfriend , aaron quinn , that a masked intruder drugged them in their home and then kidnapped her in 2015 . newline_char 29 , 2016 , file photo , attorney anthony douglas rappaport , left , speaks at a news conference with his clients , denise huskins and her boyfriend aaron quinn , right , in san francisco ... newline_char 29 , 2016 , file photo , attorney anthony douglas rappaport , left , speaks at a news conference with his clients , denise huskins and her boyfriend aaron quinn , right , in san francisco . newline_char ( ap ) — a couple reached a $ 2.5 million settlement with a northern california city and its police department after investigators dismissed the woman 's elaborate and bizarre kidnapping as a hoax . newline_char the assailant sexually assaulted huskins and released  newline_char . ( associated press ) file -- in this sept. story_separator_special_tag - the city of vallejo has agreed to pay a $ 2.5 million settlement for a federal lawsuit filed by a couple in a bizarre kidnapping case from 2015 . newline_char the ordeal began in march , 2015 when huskins , 30 at the time , was forcibly taken from her mare island home by an unknown abductor and a ransom demand was made . newline_char an attorney for denise huskins and her fiance aaron quinn said his clients are " grateful . newline_char " james m. newline_char ” he added that the " nightmare " experience has concluded .
