e ban was handed down just weeks after george soros-funded group right wing watch published an article demanding that paypal terminate its agreement with infowars for “ egregious violations of the platform ’ s own terms of service. newline_char the ban was instituted despite infowarsstore.com containing no political content whatsoever , emphasizing how the decision was a broader attack on the infowars platform . newline_char ” the company claimed that infowars violated paypal ’ s “ acceptable use policy ” because it “ promoted hate and discriminatory intolerance against certain communities and religions. newline_char payment processor paypal has banned infowars in what represents nothing less than a political ploy designed to financially sabotage an influential media outlet just weeks before the mid-term elections . newline_char company representatives called infowars yesterday to confirm that paypal was terminating its agreement after “ a comprehensive review of the infowars site. newline_char paypal representatives said they were giving infowars 10 days to switch payment processors , after which all services would be terminated . newline_char off record , infowars was told that criticism of islam and opposition to transgenderism being taught to children in schools were two of the examples of “ hate ” . story_separator_special_tag facebook banned a number of infowars pages in august after public pressure . newline_char infowars had used paypal to process transactions for its on-site store ; the site will have ten days to find new payment processors . newline_char paypal broke the news in an email to infowars yesterday , saying the company had conducted a comprehensive review of the infowars site and found that it “ promoted hate and discriminatory intolerance against certain communities and religions , ” a violation of paypal ’ s acceptable use policy . newline_char the move comes after a string of bans , which have effectively barred infowars from distributing content on the internet ’ s major platforms . newline_char paypal will no longer do business with infowars , according to a post on the conspiracy theory site this morning .
