wever this was a somewhat experimental crawl for us , as we were using newly minted software to feed  newline_char web wide crawl with initial seedlist and crawler configuration from march 2011 . newline_char what ’ s in the data set : crawl start date : 09 march , 2011 crawl end date : 23 december , 2011 number of captures : 2,713,676,341 number of unique urls : 2,273,840,159 number of hosts : 29,032,069 the seed list for this crawl was a list of alexa ’ s top 1 million web sites , retrieved close to the crawl start date . story_separator_special_tag in recent months , romney has claimed that romneycare was a specific solution for the specific needs of massachusetts . newline_char mitt romney just gave a more articulate defense of obamacare than president obama ever has . newline_char his effort to make a distinction between romneycare and obamacare was not persuasive : if anything , he convincingly made the opposite case , that romneycare and obamacare are based on the same fundamental concept . story_separator_special_tag romney proudly defended his plan and the individual mandate that is now the object of the entire republican party ’ s ire . newline_char thewashingtonpost romney ’ s speech : he digs deeper this morning the wall street journal editorial board accused mitt romney of being a technocrat and not a conservative . newline_char the first was a defense of romneycare . newline_char , today , romney proved the editorial board correct . newline_char it was really two speeches . newline_char message : only handpicked friends could be counted on not to boo or laugh . newline_char you could tell it wasn ’ t going to be a good outing when it became clear that a tiny room of about 100 invited guests was the setting . story_separator_special_tag romneycare has , in fact , not made healthcare better or saved costs in massachusetts . newline_char both romneycare and obamacare infringe upon individual freedom and exponentially increase the government ’ s healthcare cost burden . newline_char santorum : “ i greatly respect governor romney and admire many of his personal and professional accomplishments , but his work to institute the precursor to national socialized medicine is not one of them .
