new genomic study , published today in the proceedings of the national academy of sciences , offers up strong evidence that domesticated dogs originated in central asia , around modern day nepal and mongolia . newline_char the united states is home to an estimated 70 to 80 million pet dogs , making up 37 to 47 percent of all american households . newline_char previous  newline_char what is largely unknown , however , is where . story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . newline_char crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . newline_char that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page 's authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web . story_separator_special_tag “ we find a clear pattern of genetic diversity focused on central asia , suggesting the first domesticated dogs came from this region. newline_char the work looked at dna from thousands of living dogs to piece together their ancestry and geographical origins . newline_char dogs became man ’ s best friends somewhere in central asia close to nepal and mongolia , according to the largest genetic study yet . newline_char ” that departs from earlier studies that pinpointed europe as where dogs were domesticated , although more recent work puts the location in southern china , just  story_separator_special_tag dogs are the most diverse animal on the planet - a legacy of thousands of years of selective breeding by humans . newline_char cornell university 's dr adam boyko and his colleagues studied 4,676 purebred dogs from recognised breeds , newline_char image copyright getty images image caption dogs may have become man 's best friend in central asia , according to the study today 's dogs can trace their origins to central asia , according to one of the most comprehensive genetic surveys yet .
