european political leaders have pressed greece for months to commit to a thorough overhaul of its bloated , state-led economy , and they hailed the vote on wednesday as offering hope that the debt crisis was manageable . newline_char “ it ’ s a giant step in terms of conception , ” said theodore couloumbis , a vice president of the hellenic foundation for european and foreign policy , in athens . newline_char photo chancellor angela merkel of germany welcomed the development as “ really good news , ” while the president of the european commission , josé manuel barroso , and the european council president , herman van rompuy , said in a joint statement that greece had taken “ a vital step back — from the very grave scenario of default. story_separator_special_tag greece 's parliament looked increasingly likely to approve unpopular austerity measures on wednesday , despite violent protests , to secure international funds to prevent the euro zone 's first sovereign default . newline_char with greece risking bankruptcy if the measures are blocked , parliament was due to vote in the afternoon on the mix of spending cuts , tax increases and privatizations to be implemented as conditions for a massive bailout by the european union and the international monetary fund . newline_char athens ( reuters ) - greek police firing tear gas fought running battles with stone-throwing protesters outside parliament on wednesday as signs grew the government would succeed in pushing through an austerity plan demanded by creditors . newline_char " chanted the crowd at a line of white-helmeted riot police as tear gas projectiles turned the air outside parliament white . newline_char tens of thousands of protesters , many of them waving greek flags and beating drums , packed syntagma square outside parliament as a 48-hour general strike that began on tuesday brought central athens to a standstill . newline_char anti-austerity protesters set up roadblocks as they attempt to block streets leading to the parliament in athens june 29 , 2011 . newline_char " cops , pigs , murderers ! newline_char " dissolve parliament , " read one banner .
