ck scott directed the agency for health care administration to issue an emergency moratorium wednesday for the rehabilitation center at hollywood hills , where eight people died after an air-conditioning issue that forced evacuations from the nursing home . newline_char " the rehabilitation center at hollywood hills has evacuated this morning due to a prolonged power failure to the transformer which powered the facility 's air conditioning system as a result of the hurricane , " nursing  newline_char it was shortly after 4 a.m. wednesday when paramedics and fire-rescue crews were called to the rehabilitation center at hollywood hills . newline_char - gov . newline_char hollywood , fla. newline_char all patients have been removed from the rehabilitation center , and the moratorium immediately prevents the facility from admitting any patients until the order is lifted . story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . story_separator_special_tag hollywood police have begun a criminal investigation into the deaths at the rehabilitation center at hollywood hills , 1200 n. newline_char eight hollywood nursing home residents died wednesday morning in a building left without air conditioning after irma roared through south florida , according to hollywood police and the city . newline_char hollywood police chief tom sanchez said precautionary checks would be done on hollywood ’ s 42 other nursing homes . newline_char subscribe now the broward medical examiner ’ s office list of those who died while stating the cause of death has not been officially determined : carolyn eatherly , 78 ; miguel antonio franco , 92 ; estella hendricks , 71 ; betty hibbard , 84 newline_char never miss a local story . newline_char 35th ave. newline_char sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access . newline_char the owner of the nursing home also is an officer of larkin community hospital , a medical center with a troubled history .
