u always have the option to delete your tweet location history . newline_char learn more  newline_char tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications . story_separator_special_tag you always have the option to delete your tweet location history . newline_char learn more  newline_char tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications . story_separator_special_tag trump added that the truth about the alleged fbi informant could only come out with newline_char story continued below on friday night , the new york times reported that an unnamed fbi informant talked to two campaign advisers who allegedly had suspicious contacts with individuals linked to russia . newline_char | chip somodevilla/getty images trump responds to new fbi informant reports president donald trump on saturday appeared to respond to new reports that an fbi informant had reached out to multiple campaign aides during the 2016 presidential campaign . newline_char earlier friday , apparently responding to previous conservative media reports , trump had tweeted : " reports are there was indeed at least one fbi representative implanted , for political purposes , into my campaign for president . newline_char trump 's saturday response shifted from alleging an fbi source was " implanted " into the campaign to suggesting the campaign was " infiltrated . newline_char papadopoulos ' april 2016 conversation with an australian diplomat indicating the russians had so-called dirt on democratic nominee hillary clinton reportedly started the fbi investigation that has led to special counsel robert mueller 's probe into whether trump campaign officials colluded with the russian government during a kremlin campaign to meddle in the 2016 election . newline_char " if the fbi or doj was infiltrating a campaign for the benefit of another campaign , that is a really big deal , " the president wrote on twitter . newline_char " he maintained any such fbi action was politically motivated .
