vrov seemed to suggest it had done by having an official mingle with the protesters when they first turned  newline_char lavrov said tuesday at a news conference in moscow . newline_char lavrov , blamed politicians from the european union and the united states for encouraging the fighting over the past three days . newline_char the european union issued no official response to mr. newline_char lavrov , but its officials say it has never condoned or encouraged violence , as mr. story_separator_special_tag criticizing " members of certain european governments " for visiting the protesters in kiev , russian foreign minister sergei lavrov said : " we would prefer that some of our european colleagues refrained from acting unceremoniously over the ukrainian crisis . newline_char moscow/kiev russia told european governments on tuesday to stop meddling in ukraine 's political crisis and said events could be spinning out of control in kiev after violence that left vehicles burning in the streets . newline_char moscow , which sees its fellow former soviet republic as part of its traditional sphere of influence , has watched nervously as protests against president viktor yanukovich 's decision to shun a trade pact with the european union have turned violent . story_separator_special_tag kiev , ukraine ( ap ) — ukrainian president viktor yanukovych refused to meet tuesday with an opposition leader who came to his office hoping for negotiations , dimming hopes for a resolution soon to the political crisis that has escalated into vicious street clashes between protesters and police . newline_char ( associated press ) protesters clad in improvised protective gear prepare for a clash with police in central kiev , ukraine , early tuesday , jan. newline_char protesters burn car tires as they clash with police in central kiev , ukraine , early tuesday , jan. newline_char ( associated press ) opposition supporters , right , escort people believed to be government-hired thugs away from an opposition camp in central kiev , ukraine , tuesday , jan.
