tory_separator_special_tag airline pilots typically fly planes manually on landings and take-offs , leaving the aircraft under the control of automated technology 90 percent of the time . newline_char reuters/jed jacobsohn washington the federal aviation administration is failing to ensure that airline pilots maintain their flying skills so they can safely take control of an aircraft from automated systems during an unexpected event , according to a u.s. transportation department report released on monday . newline_char the report by the department 's office of the inspector general concludes that the faa can not determine how often pilots fly manually and has not ensured that airline training programs adequately focus on manual skills . newline_char the government watchdog also found that the u.s. aviation regulatory agency lacks the ability to ensure that pilots are fully trained to use and monitor automated flight systems . story_separator_special_tag the federal aviation administration ’ s efforts to ensure airline pilots keep up their ... newline_char washington ( ap ) — the government is falling short in ensuring airline pilots keep up their flying skills and get full training on how to monitor sophisticated automated control systems in cockpits , according to the transportation department 's internal watchdog . newline_char but the federal aviation administration is n't making sure that airline training programs adequately address the ability of pilots to monitor the flight path , automated systems and actions of other crew members , the transportation department 's office of inspector general found . newline_char ( associated press ) most airline flying today is done through automated systems that pilots closely monitor . newline_char studies and accident investigations have raised concern that pilots ' manual flying skills are becoming rusty and that pilots have a hard time staying focused on instrument screens for long periods . newline_char pilots typically use manual flying skills only briefly during takeoffs and landings .
