icago—the death of a woman whose bicycle collided with a truck on friday is believed to be the first fatality involving the rapidly growing bike-share programs in the u.s. newline_char ... newline_char , industry officials said . story_separator_special_tag major cities have established large bikesharing systems , including boston , chicago , denver , minneapolis-saint paul , new york city , salt lake city , the san francisco bay area , seattle , washington dc , and others . newline_char publication mti report 12-54 principal investigator : elliot martin , ph.d. abstract the growth of bikesharing in the united states has had a transformative impact on urban transportation . newline_char through a series of four focus groups , they discussed bikesharing usage and safety with bikesharing members and nonmembers in the bay area . newline_char bikesharing is also used by irregular bicyclists who are less familiar with the local terrain . newline_char bikesharing has some qualities that appear inherently unsafe for bicyclists . newline_char in this study , researchers take a closer look at bikesharing safety from qualitative and quantitative perspectives . newline_char they further engaged experts nationwide from a variety of fields to evaluate their opinions and perspectives on bikesharing and safety . story_separator_special_tag a 25-year-old woman riding a divvy bike who died friday morning following a crash involving a flatbed truck in chicago 's avondale neighborhood is believed to be the first person killed while riding a bike-sharing bicycle in the united states . newline_char the truck and the bicyclist were both traveling north on sacramento , when both turned east at belmont and collided , estrada said . newline_char the crash happened about 9 a.m. near sacramento and belmont avenues , said officer jose estrada , a police spokesman , citing preliminary information . newline_char , in 2007 , according to paul demaio , principal of washington , d.c.-based metrobike , a bike-share consulting business .
