ree israel defense forces soldiers were killed and 12 wounded on wednesday afternoon in the khan yunis area of south gaza , bringing the death toll in the military to 56 . newline_char as israel 's operation protective edge entered its 24th day on thursday , the security cabinet has ordered the military to press on with the offensive in the gaza strip , focusing on the destruction of hamas ' tunnel network . newline_char an israeli delegation traveled to cairo on wednesday for several hours of talks over egypt ’ s efforts to broker a truce in gaza . newline_char in gaza , the death toll in the israeli operation has topped 1,360 according to palestinian health officials . newline_char more than 6,500 palestinians have been wounded in the israeli strikes . newline_char palestinian president mahmoud abbas has declared gaza a " humanitarian disaster area " and urged the international community to protect and provide relief to the battered enclave . newline_char subscribe to haaretz and get full coverage for wednesday 's live updates , click here latest updates [ thursday ] : 1:18 a.m. u.s. secretary of state john kerry says gaza ceasefire a 'lull of opportunity , ' imperative that sides make best efforts to find common  story_separator_special_tag ( associated press ) jerusalem ( ap ) — prime minister benjamin netanyahu said thursday that israel will destroy the hamas tunnel network in the gaza strip " with or without a cease-fire , " as the military called up another 16,000 reservists to pursue its campaign in the densely-populated territory . newline_char displaced palestinians pass time at a u.n school where they now live , in beit lahiya , northern gaza strip , on thursday , july 31 , 2014 . newline_char since then the campaign has concentrated on destroying more than 30 cross-border tunnels that militants have constructed to carry out attacks on israeli territory . newline_char israeli attacks in the strip continued thursday , with witnesses saying ... newline_char israel says that most of the 32 tunnels it
