cnn ) -- two-time oscar winner tom hanks played a role in the surprise ending of a domestic assault case in los angeles , according to defense attorney andrew flier . newline_char city attorney 's office spokesperson frank mateljan confirmed the interaction with hanks , saying , " the city attorney has been appraised of the situation and will be reviewing it . newline_char instead , as proceedings wrapped tuesday , the prosecuting attorney revealed that another lawyer in the los angeles city attorney 's office had interacted with hanks outside the courtroom , thanking him for his service . newline_char hanks had been serving as a juror in the trial since it started last week . story_separator_special_tag hanks was picked to hear the case of a guy who allegedly struck his girlfriend and faces a maximum of 1 year in jail if convicted of misdemeanor domestic violence.hanks took copious notes as lawyers took the arresting detective through her paces . newline_char he listened as the defendant 's lawyer suggested the alleged victim may have been jealous because his client was leaving her for a younger woman.hanks was friendly with the jurors , interacting with them during the breaks . newline_char in court , he even laughed at one of the lawyer 's jokes -- which probably was n't even that funny.hanks is back in court tomorrow . newline_char tom hanks just a normal juror tom hanks -- just a normal juror exclusive just left an l.a. courthouse after spending a day in the jury box ... story_separator_special_tag tom hanks jury duty domestic violence case exclusive is deciding the fate of a man accused of battering a woman -- tmz has learned , the academy award winning actor is serving as a juror in an intense domestic violence case ... newline_char and he 's doing a bang-up job.we 're told hanks is in the zone right now in the jury box , assiduously taking notes about the case.he 's keeping things casual though , wearing a black long-sleeve shirt , dark blue jeans , and black-rimmed glasses.we 're told he 's being very attentive , hanging on every word of witness testimony.or maybe he 's just acting .
