ke other human pharmaceuticals , the antidepressant fluoxetine ( prozac ) enters the environment via sewage and has been detected at wastewater treatment plants . newline_char we conducted experiments to test whether chronic exposure to a maximally environmentally relevant concentration of fluoxetine ( 2.7 μg day−1 ) altered courtship behaviour and female reproductive physiology in wild-caught starlings ( sturnus vulgaris ) , a species commonly found foraging on invertebrates at wastewater treatment plants . newline_char birds foraging on invertebrates at these sites can be exposed to pharmaceuticals , although the implications of exposure are poorly understood . newline_char we found no effect of female treatment on female courtship behaviour . newline_char our findings suggest that exposure to an antidepressant reduced female attractiveness , adding to growing evidence that environmental concentrations of pharmaceuticals can alter important traits related to individual fitness and population dynamics . newline_char pharmaceuticals in the environment are a recently identified global threat to wildlife , including birds . story_separator_special_tag but the amount of these drugs that end up in sewage plants may also have an impact on the mating habits of wild birds , a new study from the university of york shows . newline_char birds like to graze at sewage treatment plants , which are teeming with worms , flies and maggots , she explained . newline_char a starling . newline_char but because antidepressants often make their way through the human body and into sewage plants without fully breaking down , those insects are frequently laced with prescription drugs . newline_char “ we ’ re definitely not saying that it ’ s bad to take antidepressants , but certainly there is a greater need for new technologies to clean out sewage , ” arnold told the washington post . newline_char researchers found that female starlings that had been exposed to small doses of fluoxetine , the generic name for prozac , became less attractive to male starlings , which sung to them less often and treated them more aggressively .
