dreessen also apologized for the remarks , made late tuesday on twitter , after indian regulators banned a facebook program offering free access to a limited set of internet sites . newline_char on wednesday disavowed comments by company director and venture capitalist marc andreessen that appeared to support the colonization of india—sentiments which also received a ringing denunciation from the company ’ s chief executive , mark zuckerberg . story_separator_special_tag " i want to respond to marc andreessen 's comments about india yesterday , " wrote zuckerberg on his facebook page . newline_char " andreessen 's faux pas comes as silicon valley companies increasingly try to woo india and other developing countries to their services . newline_char here 's the backstory : on monday , india 's telecom regulatory authority blocked facebook 's free basics , which seeks to bring a limited number of internet sites and services for free to areas of the world where online access is unavailable . newline_char andreessen , well known for his fiery twitter personality , called the decision " morally wrong " because india was denying poor people at least partial internet connectivity . newline_char splash news/corbis marc andreessen needs to tweet a billion apologies . newline_char " we strongly reject the sentiments expressed by marc andreessen last night regarding india . newline_char facebook , the country concluded , was violating those ideals by picking which services were accessible for free . newline_char " i found the comments deeply upsetting , and they do not represent the way facebook or i think at all . newline_char andreessen said he withdrew his comments " in full and without reservation . newline_char " andreessen wrote in a now-deleted tweet captured by quartz and business insider . newline_char " facebook ceo mark zuckerberg on wednesday tried to distance himself from his board member . newline_char andreessen 's venture capital firm , andreessen horowitz , had no further comment .
