ridi 's continuing imprisonment and treatment as a criminal will only do further harm to us-pakistani relations , including diminishing congress 's willingness to provide financial assistance to pakistan , " they said . newline_char mccain and levin urged pakistan to pardon and free afridi " immediately . newline_char us senators warn pakistan on aid over bin laden washington — key us senators wednesday demanded that pakistan pardon a surgeon handed 33 years in prison for helping in the hunt for osama bin laden , warning that the decision could put us assistance at risk . newline_char the united states has provided pakistan with more than $ 18 billion since it joined the war in afghanistan following the september 11 , 2001  newline_char " " dr. newline_char " " what dr. newline_char a tribal court in khyber , a lawless district and extremist hotbed , sentenced surgeon shakeel afridi for treason after he agreed to collect dna for us intelligence to verify the presence of the most-wanted al-qaeda leader . story_separator_special_tag miranshah , pakistan ( reuters ) - a u.s. drone strike on suspected islamist militants in northwest pakistan killed 10 people on thursday , pakistani intelligence officials said , an attack likely to raise tensions in a standoff with washington over nato supply routes to afghanistan . newline_char u.s. frustrations with pakistan deepened on wednesday after pakistani authorities sentenced newline_char the united states has been urging pakistan to mount an offensive in north waziristan to pursue members of the haqqani militant network , one of washington 's most feared foes in neighboring afghanistan . newline_char pakistan closed the routes , which are seen as vital to the planned withdrawal of most foreign troops from afghanistan before the end of 2014 , in protest against last november 's killing of 24 pakistani soldiers in a nato air attack along the afghan border . newline_char the united states has been pushing pakistan to re-open supply routes to nato forces in afghanistan in difficult talks that show no signs of a breakthrough any time soon .
