oomberg reporters used the “ z function ” — a command using the letter z and a company ’ s name — to view a list of subscribers at a firm . newline_char a preliminary analysis at bloomberg revealed that “ several hundred ” reporters had used the technique , a person briefed on the analysis said . newline_char banking regulators at the federal reserve are examining whether their own employees were subject to tracking by bloomberg reporters , according to people briefed on the matter . newline_char there are now more than 315,000 bloomberg terminal subscribers worldwide who rely on the desktop computer for research , trading , communication and a constant stream of financial information and news . newline_char ( bloomberg employs more than 2,400 journalists worldwide . newline_char then , a bloomberg user could click on a subscriber ’ s name , which would take the user to a function called uuid . story_separator_special_tag the issue of bloomberg journalists ' access to individual data from the terminals was revealed in recent days when a reporter called a goldman sachs group employee inquiring about a partner 's employment status and noting the partner had not logged on to the terminal lately . newline_char the incident prompted a complaint from goldman and led bloomberg to terminate the ability of reporters to monitor subscribers . newline_char ( read more : privacy breach on bloomberg terminals ) in response to queries that bloomberg journalists had access to officials data usage , a bloomberg spokesman said , " what you are reporting is untrue " but declined to respond when asked what specifically was inaccurate . newline_char the source said all bloomberg journalists who knew of this capability of the terminal would have had access to the usage information of the officials . newline_char cnbc is a competitor of bloomberg in reporting and distributing business news on the web and on television . newline_char ( read more : wall street : how much does bloomberg know ?
