photo : michael reynolds , epa ) washington — president obama told congress not to leave town before passing a zika funding bill amid new reports that 279 pregnant women from the united states and its territories have shown signs of infection from the zika virus . story_separator_special_tag " the cdc 's top priority in the zika response is protecting pregnant women and their fetuses , " honein said . newline_char story highlights there are 279 pregnant women with zika virus infections in the u.s. and its territories the cdc 's tracking of pregnant women with zika includes those who do n't have symptoms ( cnn ) the number of pregnant women in the united states reported to have the zika virus has more than tripled , increasing from 48 to 157 , the centers for disease control and prevention said friday . newline_char margaret honein , chief of the cdc 's birth defects branch , said the agency is aware of " less than a dozen " babies or fetuses who have suffered the consequences of zika infection , which can include devastating neurological birth defects . story_separator_special_tag monitoring all pregnant women with possible zika virus infection during pregnancy , whether asymptomatic or symptomatic , will enhance understanding of possible adverse outcomes and allow better estimates of the number of pregnancies at risk for adverse outcomes . newline_char as of may 12 , 2016 , there were 157 and 122 pregnant women with laboratory evidence of possible zika virus infection residing in u.s. states and u.s. territories , respectively . newline_char this report launches the weekly reporting of pregnant women with laboratory evidence of possible zika virus infection in u.s. states and territories . newline_char in february 2016 , cdc , in collaboration with state , local , tribal , and territorial health departments , launched comprehensive surveillance systems to report and actively monitor pregnancies and congenital outcomes among symptomatic and asymptomatic women with laboratory evidence of possible zika virus infection .
