ypt has been hit by another wave of major violence ahead of parliamentary elections after security forces opened fire on thousands of protesters demonstrating against the military junta . newline_char trouble began after riot police moved to disperse tents set up after a large rally calling on egypt 's supreme council of armed forces ( scaf ) to return the country to civilian rule . newline_char how can i continue ? newline_char " mustafa was one of dozens of demonstrators left with serious head wounds during the police assault on tahrir square . newline_char protesters succeeded in driving the security  newline_char two people were reported dead and more than 600 injured in central cairo after riot police sent volleys of tear gas , rubber bullets and " birdshot " pellet cartridges into the crowds . story_separator_special_tag egyptian riot police clash with protesters at tahrir square in cairo november 19 , 2011 . newline_char cairo ( reuters ) - at least one person was killed and more than 650 wounded in clashes between riot police and protesters in cairo 's tahrir square on saturday , official said , after a protest demanding the ruling military transfer power swiftly to a civilian government . newline_char that prompted around 5,000 protesters to return to the square and clashes erupted . newline_char police fired rubber bullets and buildings and two cars in the square were set on fire , witnesses said . newline_char police pulled down the tents of about 100 protesters who had camped in the square overnight after a demonstration on friday of about 50,000 people , mostly islamists , against the military leadership . newline_char " the people want to topple the regime ! newline_char " hundreds of youths chanted as they rushed toward a line of police . newline_char 1 of 6 . newline_char egypt holds its first parliamentary election , from november 28 , since president hosni mubarak was toppled in a popular uprising in february and parties and the ruling military are jostling for position .
