 addition to those issues , the team has found that doctors ' monitoring systems do n't require log-in names and passwords when pacemakers connect to them . newline_char that said , matthew green , an assistant professor for computer science at johns hopkins , noted that doctors are adamant not to let security systems block patient care . story_separator_special_tag the u.s. food and drug administration announced this week that medical device company abbott has issued a corrective action for implantable cardiac pacemakers made under the st. newline_char ” to that end , there are no known reports of patient harm related to the cybersecurity vulnerabilities in the 465,000 radio-frequency-enabled implanted abbott devices impacted in  newline_char while this update is being treated as a recall , the devices will continue to function as intended “ and replacement of implanted pacemaker devices is not recommended. newline_char ” to address this heart-hacking vulnerability , abbott is issuing a firmware update to the pacemakers . story_separator_special_tag jude medical 's ) implantable cardiac pacemakers , including cardiac resynchronization therapy pacemaker ( crt-p ) devices , provide pacing for slow or irregular heart rhythms . newline_char jude medical implantable cardiac pacemaker medical specialties cardiac electrophysiology , cardiology , cardiothoracic surgery , heart failure devices abbott 's ( formerly st. newline_char jude medical implantable cardiac pacemaker cardiologists , electrophysiologists , cardiothoracic surgeons , and primary care physicians treating patients with heart failure or heart rhythm problems using an rf-enabled st. newline_char jude medical implantable pacemaker caregivers of patients with an rf-enabled st. newline_char a patient may need an implantable cardiac pacemaker if their heartbeat is too slow ( bradycardia ) or needs resynchronization to treat heart failure . newline_char these devices are implanted under the skin in the upper chest area and have connecting insulated wires called " leads " that go into the heart . newline_char the devices addressed in this communication are
