d approved a plan to raise undergraduate fees — the equivalent of tuition — 32 percent next fall , hundreds of students from campuses across the state demonstrated outside , beating drums and chanting slogans against the increase . newline_char late wednesday night in a bus caravan from berkeley , said they worried about how higher fees would affect illegal immigrant students , who are not eligible for financial aid , and minority students , already dwindling in number since proposition 209 prohibited affirmative action . newline_char after thursday ’ s vote , as news trickled out to students rallying outside , the chants grew louder and students linked arms to block regents from leaving the building . newline_char isaac miller and irene van , who traveled to u.c.l.a . newline_char ” mark yudof , the university president , said the state budget cuts had left the university no choice but to raise fees , and noted that the  newline_char the police intervened , and as one regent left , about 100 students clustered around him , yelling “ shame on you ! newline_char 24 walkout , when more than 5,000 students demonstrated outside sproul hall at berkeley . newline_char “ it ’ s at stake here. newline_char “ diversity is central to this , ” mr. newline_char ” mr. newline_char miller and ms. newline_char miller said . story_separator_special_tag groups of uc students from several other campuses arrived in westwood to join a demonstration against the fee hike , and a group of protesters was occupying a ucla classroom building . newline_char amid loud student protests that roiled the ucla campus , the uc board of regents this afternoon approved a 32 % increase in student fees . newline_char yudof urging that students explore all the financial-aid possibilities so they don ’ t get scared away or drop out . newline_char that would bring the basic uc education fees to about $ 10,300 , plus about another $ 1,000 for campus-based charges , for a total that would be about triple the uc cost a decade ago .
