 ’ re not going into details here , simply providing an overview of what lulzsec has released . newline_char aol : while you may have been secretly hoping for some juicy memos akin to the aol way , what we actually have is a text file that begins : “ the purpose of this document is to provide the aol network engineering staff , management and any other pertinent persons a detailed review , analysis and recommended ‘ best practices ’ document for the implementation of layer 4 through 7 switching configurations. newline_char fbi being silly : this text file includes the output of a url on the fbi website . newline_char as we reported earlier , lulzsec says that it has bowed out of the limelight for good after fifty days of headline-grabbing hacking of corporate and governmental targets . newline_char we ’ ve downloaded it , so what ’ s inside ? story_separator_special_tag of public safety servers , lulzsec writes : " every week we plan on releasing more classified documents and embarrassing personal details of military and law enforcement in an effort not just to reveal their racist and corrupt nature but to purposefully sabotage their efforts to terrorize communities " . newline_char today , quite unexpectedly , lulzsec security announced its retirement . newline_char " based on other lulzsec communication , the group sounded like it was in this snatch-and-post thing for the long haul -- the lulz boat was on a long voyage of piracy and firing its canons at many targets to come . newline_char from newline_char for the past 50 days we 've been disrupting and exposing corporations , governments , often the general population itself , and quite possibly everything in between , just because we could " , according to a statement from the hacker group . newline_char " our planned 50 day cruise has expired , and we must now sail into the distance , leaving behind -- we hope -- inspiration , fear , denial , happiness , approval , disapproval , mockery , embarrassment , thoughtfulness , jealousy , hate , even love " .
