e seed for wide00014 was : - slash pages from every domain on the web : -- a ranking of all urls that have more than one incoming inter-domain link ( rank was determined by number of incoming links using wide00012 inter domain links ) -- up to a maximum of 100 most highly ranked urls per domain - top ranked pages ( up to a max of 100 ) from every linked-to domain using the wide00012 inter-domain navigational link graph  story_separator_special_tag on wednesday night ’ s countdown on current , keith olbermann named florida representative brad drake as one of his “ worst persons in the world ” for sponsoring legislation to replace lethal injection as a execution method with electrocution or by firing squad . newline_char ” olbermann finished his segment by saying “ there it is , america 2011 , laws written by sociopaths like brad drake inspired by bloodthirsty goobers he met at the waffle house ! newline_char the lefty political commentator may have been making a legitimate point that drake was foolish to base capital punishment laws on conversations he ’ s had at breakfast fast-food chains , but gratuitously hurling invective at the politician debases our political discourse and makes his entire network look bad . newline_char drake had said if it was up to him , he would “ throw them off the sunshine skyway bridge and be done with it. newline_char it seems unlikely al gore will punish his flagship star at all for his use of profanity on the air , but viewers of his channel deserve better  newline_char msnbc suspended mark halperin for calling president obama a dick . story_separator_special_tag brad drake filed a bill this week that would end the use of lethal injection in florida executions . newline_char but drake said the person at the restaurant questioned why death row inmates should even be allowed to die by lethal injection . newline_char drake said he agreed and decided to sponsor the bill that would mandate a switch . newline_char drake , a republican , said the idea came to him after having a conversation with a constituent at a waffle house over the legal battles associated with the sept. newline_char he said government is newline_char rep.
