ttage grove police arrested allwine , 43 , after a two-month investigation into the death of wife , amy allwine . newline_char authorities responding to a 911 call from stephen allwine found amy allwine dead in her cottage grove home in november 2016 . newline_char a medical examination later revealed excessive doses of scopolamine , a drug used to treat nausea , in amy allwine ’ s body . newline_char allwine initially was charged with second-degree murder in january 2017 . newline_char after several plans fell through , prosecutors say , stephen allwine poisoned his wife and shot her with the family ’ s 9mm gun . newline_char prosecutors allege stephen allwine accessed the “ dark web , ” a hidden portion of the internet associated with crime , to hire a hit man to kill his wife . newline_char that charge was raised to first-degree premeditated murder after a grand jury indicted allwine in march . newline_char washington county prosecutors allege a cottage grove man spent months plotting his wife ’ s murder rather than divorce her and jeopardize his esteemed role with a local church , but his defense attorney said the state ’ s evidence has been fraught with “ distractions ” and “ red herrings. story_separator_special_tag but defense attorney kevin devore refuted those allegations , telling the jury that the affairs were " red herrings and distractions " and that the prosecution had no evidence allwine committed a crime . newline_char washington county prosecutor jamie kreuser said allwine was having extramarital affairs , did n't want to stay married and killed his wife in november 2016 to end their relationship . newline_char allwine , who is being held at the county jail , was charged with second-degree murder before a grand jury indicted him with first-degree premeditated murder in march . newline_char stephen carl allwine shot and killed his wife in their cottage grove house after would-be hit men he tried to hire on the dark web bilked him out of his money , jurors were told tuesday as his trial began in stillwater .
