 gave no further details , but south korean media said police were looking at a possibility that the lapel pins may have been carried by propaganda balloons that north korea floated across the border . newline_char ( associated press ) seoul , south korea ( ap ) — south korean police found about 200 lapel pins bearing the image of late north korean dictator kim jong il strewn near the country 's main international airport on thursday , police officers said . newline_char the possession of such lapel pins would be illegal in south korea , where praising north korea is punishable by up to seven years in prison . newline_char north korea , for its part , enforces strict , state-organized public reverence of the kim family , which has ruled the impoverished yet authoritarian country since its foundation in 1948 . newline_char all north koreans must wear lapel pins carrying the images of both kim jong il and his father  story_separator_special_tag mere possession of the pins , which are mandatory accessories for all adults in north korea , wouldn ’ t be considered a newline_char police recovered the coin-sized pins thursday morning after a hotel employee reported there were north korean propaganda leaflets in the flowerbed , said an officer who asked to remain anonymous . newline_char police also have launched an investigation after nearly 200 lapel pins bearing the image of late north korean leader kim jong il turned up in a flowerbed near incheon international airport . newline_char south korea accused pyongyang of floating propaganda leaflets down the han river earlier this week . newline_char seoul , south korea — north korea is stepping up its propaganda campaign ahead of annual u.s.-south korea war games next month , saying the peninsula is “ on the verge of war. newline_char pyongyang has carried out a series of missile tests in recent months and made repeated threats that it is ready to attack south korea and u.s. bases in the pacific while pursuing the capability to hit the american mainland with a nuclear-tipped missile .
