proved technology helped archaeologists finally locate a 16th-century spanish fort on what is now marine corps recruit depot parris island . newline_char archaeologists had been looking for san marcos , one of several forts built on the santa elena settlement , for more than 20 years . newline_char there was a drawing of the fort and a written description but nothing detailing the location . newline_char the general location of the fort had been noted using documents archived in spain . newline_char thompson has worked on the site with university of south carolina archaeologist chester depratter , whose search for san marcos began in 1993 . newline_char the machines have been in play for archaeologists for years , but the computer programs interpreting the data have vastly improved in recent years , said university of georgia archaeologist victor thompson . story_separator_special_tag archaeologists chester depratter ( left ) and victor thompson ( right ) have mapped the early colonial fort san marcos by running ground penetrating radar and using other high tech equipment . newline_char ground-penetrating radar and magnetometers located the outlines of the lost fort san marcos near beaufort , amid the footprint of a church , courts , shops , taverns and farms that comprised the 1566 settlement of santa elena . story_separator_special_tag ( ap ) — archaeologists have found the location of a long-sought spanish fort on the south carolina coast at the site of what was once the first capital of spanish florida . newline_char ( associated press ) in this undated image provided by amanda thompson with the university of georgia shows archeologists chester depratter , left , with the university of south carolina and victor thompson , right , of the university of georgia , running ground penetrating radar across a land grid . newline_char a release from the university of south carolina says the site of san marcos , one of five forts built during the 21-year history of the early settlement of santa elena , has finally
