new 1.8 mile tunnel would remove the sight and sound of traffic for visitors to the prehistoric landmark , england ’ s department for transport said . newline_char the busy a303 trunk road in wiltshire , england runs right past stonehenge . newline_char / updated by alastair jamieson london – a controversial four-lane highway will be constructed under stonehenge , planners announced thursday in an effort to solve a decades-old traffic problem at the ancient british monument . newline_char the stretch of highway nearest stonehenge is single-lane , creating a notorious bottleneck and prompting many drivers  newline_char the news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings . newline_char breaking news emails get breaking news alerts and special reports . story_separator_special_tag the government has decided to go ahead with a tunnel that will take this very busy road underground for 1.8 miles , removing the horrible stream of honking traffic from the visible surroundings of stonehenge , and so making it much easier to concentrate on the wonder of europe ’ s greatest neolithic monument . newline_char chris grayling gives go-ahead to road tunnel under stonehenge read more that , at least , is going to change . newline_char oh wait , they ’ re up in arms . newline_char archaeologists are understandably delighted ... story_separator_special_tag image copyright getty images image caption the plan involves building a tunnel for the a303 , which runs past the ancient monument a controversial plan for a road tunnel past stonehenge has been finalised by the government . newline_char 'time bomb ' however , campaign group stonehenge alliance believes any tunnel shorter than 2.7-miles ( 4.3 km ) would do " irreparable damage to the landscape " newline_char the tunnel forms part of a £2bn government scheme to upgrade all remaining sections of the road between the m3 and m5 . newline_char campaigners claim the 1.8-mile ( 2.9 km ) dual-carriageway tunnel will cause " irreparable damage " to the landscape .
