anklin ) ( associated press ) republican presidential candidate donald trump shakes hands prior to speaking at a rally before a crowd of 3,500 saturday , july 11 , 2015 , in phoenix . newline_char republican presidential candidate donald trump waves to the crowd as he arrives to speak at a rally before a crowd of 3,500 saturday , july 11 , 2015 , in phoenix . newline_char ( associated press ) republican presidential candidate donald trump waves to supporters as he arrives speaks before a crowd of 3,500 saturday , july 11 , 2015 , in phoenix . newline_char trump said his comments about immigration have become a movement and has pointed to violence ... newline_char phoenix ( ap ) — republican presidential hopeful donald trump criticized u.s. immigration and trade policies on saturday in speeches that veered from accusing mexico of deliberately sending criminals across the border to professing respect for the mexican government and love for its people . newline_char franklin ) ( associated press ) republican presidential candidate donald trump speaks at freedomfest , saturday , july 11 , 2015 , in las vegas . newline_char ( ap photo/ross d. newline_char ( ap photo/ross d. newline_char ( ap photo/ross d. story_separator_special_tag republican presidential candidate donald trump , whose caustic comments about mexicans have inflamed the immigration debate , told thousands of cheering supporters here saturday that “ we have to take back the heart of our country. newline_char republican presidential candidate donald trump addresses supporters during a political rally in phoenix newline_char ” trump ’ s 70-minute address here , which sounded more like a stream-of-consciousness rant than a presidential-style stump speech , put an exclamation point on his bombastic push since his presidential announcement last month to return immigration to the forefront of the national conversation . newline_char they flow in like water. newline_char he ’ s terrible . newline_char terrible .
