sko , 27 , for posting addresses and private information of senators , according to the police department . newline_char ) staffer , cosko made an unauthorized entry into her capitol hill office on tuesday evening which led to his arrest , the person familiar with the matter said . newline_char the information was posted during an extraordinary hearing in which supreme court nominee brett kavanaugh and christine blasey ford testified in front of the senate judiciary committee . newline_char cosko most recently worked for hassan as a “ legislative  newline_char | john shinkle/politico ex-democratic staffer charged with posting senators ’ private info a man accused of " doxing " several gop senators was caught on tuesday night inside the office of sen. story_separator_special_tag u.s. capitol police announced late wednesday that a former junior senate democratic staffer has been arrested for allegedly posting private information about republican senators on the wikipedia internet website . newline_char cosko , 27 , of the district , faces five federal counts including making public restricted personal information , making threats in interstate communications , identity theft , witness tampering and unauthorized access of a government computer , police said . newline_char cosko also faces district charges of second degree burglary and unlawful entry , police said . story_separator_special_tag the information , which supposedly included home addresses and phone numbers , was posted - or doxxed - on the senators ’ respective wikipedia pages , where users are allowed to update the information at any time . newline_char kavanaugh vote live blog - senate judiciary committee weighs in on recommending nominee but while the home addresses of the senators appear to be correct , the phone numbers weren ’ t entirely accurate newline_char the leaking of information occurred sometime after the three lawmakers questioned kavanaugh . newline_char personal information of republican sens . newline_char the information has since been removed .
