e patriots escalated their high-stakes counterattack against the nfl and the wells investigation of tom brady ’ s deflated footballs thursday by launching a website to publish an exhaustive rebuttal portraying the inquiry ’ s findings as a kafkaesque injustice . newline_char the website went up shortly before the nfl players ’ union officially appealed brady ’ s four-game suspension for allegedly having “ at least a general awareness ’ ’ of the scandal and failing to fully cooperate with investigators . newline_char the 20,000-word rebuttal includes a nobel laureate ’ s rejection of the wells report ’ s scientific evidence and a stunning claim that team attendant jim mcnally referred to himself as “ the deflator ’ ’ because he was losing weight — not because he was removing air pressure from brady ’ s footballs . newline_char the patriots have been busy inside gillette stadium , formulating a response to the ted wells report on deflategate . newline_char advertisement “ the conclusions of the wells report are , at best  story_separator_special_tag since then , independent critiques of the wells and exponent reports have multiplied and scientists across the country who examined the psi and weather data have concluded that science fully explains the psi measurements found in the wells report . story_separator_special_tag league-appointed investigator ted wells found that brady was " at least generally aware " of plans by two team employees to newline_char file - in a thursday , may 7 , 2015 file photo , new england patriots quarterback tom brady gestures during an event at salem state university in salem , mass . newline_char brady 's appeal only deals with the suspension and must be heard within 10 days . newline_char the nfl suspended brady for the first four games ... newline_char ( ap ) — tom brady has appealed his four-game suspension for his role in using deflated footballs during the afc championship game . newline_char the nfl announced the quarterback 's suspension on monday , also fining the new england patriots $ 1 million and taking away two draft picks .
