ter the new york attorney general sued jpmorgan in october alleging that bear stearns deceived investors buying mortgage-backed securities in 2006 and 2007 , the bank 's chief executive , jamie dimon , lashed out at the government . newline_char the actions add to a growing list of cases the largest u.s. bank is fighting over conduct by bear stearns , which jpmorgan acquired in 2008 . newline_char speaking at a washington event , dimon said the company lost $ 5 billion to $ 10 billion in bear stearns-related costs and is still paying the price for doing the federal reserve " a favor " by buying the teetering investment bank . newline_char by aruna viswanatha dec 17 ( reuters ) - the u.s. credit union regulator sued jpmorgan securities and bear stearns & co on monday over $ 3.6 billion in mortgage securities the bank allegedly sold to credit unions that collapsed because of losses from the securities . newline_char the lawsuit by the national credit union administration is its second against jpmorgan involving losses to credit unions . newline_char in the monday lawsuit , the ncua alleged that bear stearns made misrepresentations in connection with the underwriting and subsequent sale of mortgage-backed securities to u.s. central , western corporate , southwest corporate and members united corporate federal credit unions . story_separator_special_tag the small size of morgan stanley ’ s fine relative to investors ’ losses shows other regulators may struggle to pin much blame on the bank , said erik gordon , a professor at the university of michigan ’ s stephen m. newline_char he faulted morgan stanley for dishonesty , ethics violations and failing to supervise employees -- the first regulatory claims to stem from the bank ’ s handling of the deal . newline_char ’ s ( fb ) initial public offering , a deal that cost investors billions of dollars , broke a decade-old pledge to block investment bankers from influencing analysts , according to massachusetts regulators , who fined the bank $ 5 million .
