because of the way spectrum was allocated , we adopted the top-down model in a way we have n't done since feudalism . newline_char he added that this model suits the chinese because of the top-down nature of the world 's second-largest economy . newline_char for ganley , the current model of how airwaves are allocated to mobile carriers is broken . newline_char in the auction model , u.s. firms are  newline_char at the moment , telecoms firms in the u.s. will bid for so-called spectrum through an auction process held by the federal communications commission ( fcc ) . newline_char in the u.s. newline_char this often leads to dominance from the larger players who have more money to spend . story_separator_special_tag listen to article 1:29 a ship laden with u.s. soybeans that was steaming toward northern china looks to have lost its race to arrive before import duties are imposed . newline_char the chinese government had previously said it will impose a 25 percent levy on shipments on soybeans among other u.s. agricultural produce and goods including automobiles . newline_char peak pegasus is still heading toward dalian as china announces  newline_char retaliatory tariffs on u.s. goods have now taken effect after the u.s. implemented a raft of duties earlier in the day , china ’ s foreign ministry said at a press conference in beijing on friday afternoon . newline_char , the data show . newline_char the bulk carrier peak pegasus , which had been accelerating earlier in the day as it raced to the port of dalian , was about 25 miles away from its destination as of 4:25 p.m. local time and slowing down , according to ship-tracking data . story_separator_special_tag soybeans to be loaded in august at the nation ’ s paranagua port fetched $ 2.21 a bushel more than chicago futures on thursday , the widest gap since data starts in 2014 . newline_char that comes as china gears up to enact retaliatory tariffs against american farm goods in response to president trump ’ s pledge to slap fees on some products from the asian country . newline_char in the u.s.
