anne feinstein of california defended her committee 's work and challenged the cia on tuesday as she sought to set the record straight amid various reports of disputes between congress and the agency . newline_char the cia provided the computers to congressional staffers in a secure room at its headquarters so that the committee could review millions of pages of top secret documents . newline_char washington ( ap ) — the head of the senate intelligence committee says the cia improperly searched a stand-alone computer network established for congress as part of its investigation into allegations of cia abuse in a bush-era detention and interrogation program . newline_char the california democrat said the cia searched the network this past january . newline_char at issue is whether the cia violated an agreement made with the committee about monitoring the panel 's use of cia computers . story_separator_special_tag cia director john brennan told nbc news ' andrea mitchell that the agency did not snoop on senate intelligence committee computers to thwart an investigation into illegal detention and interrogations under president george w. newline_char " the cia just went and searched the committee 's computers , " california democrat sen. newline_char " the exclusive tuesday interview was brennan 's first since the head of the senate intelligence committee charged that the cia had searched the panel 's computers , possibly violating the law . newline_char the news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings . story_separator_special_tag the head of the senate intelligence committee on tuesday sharply accused the cia of violating federal law and undermining the constitutional principle of congressional oversight as she detailed publicly for the first time how the agency secretly removed documents from computers used by her panel to investigate a controversial interrogation program . newline_char and she accused the cia of violating the fourth amendment , various federal laws and a presidential executive order that bars the agency from conducting domestic searches and surveillance .
