rlier this year , mitt romney nearly landed in a politically perilous controversy when the huffington post reported that in 1999 the gop presidential candidate had been part of an investment group that invested $ 75 million in stericycle , a medical-waste disposal firm that has been attacked by anti-abortion groups for disposing aborted fetuses collected from family planning clinics . newline_char but bain capital , the private equity firm romney founded , tamped down the controversy . newline_char and this deal helped stericycle , a company with a poor safety record , grow , while yielding tens of millions of dollars in profits for romney and his partners . newline_char but documents filed by bain and stericycle with the securities and exchange commission—and obtained by mother jones—list romney as an active participant in the investment . newline_char the company said romney left the firm in february 1999 to run the troubled 2002 winter olympics in salt lake city and likely had nothing to with the deal . newline_char coming during the heat of the gop primaries , as romney tried to sell south carolina republicans on his pro-life bona fides , the revelation had the potential to damage the candidate ’ s reputation among values voters already suspicious of his shifting position on abortion . newline_char looking for news you can trust ? newline_char the matter never became a campaign issue . newline_char subscribe to our free newsletters . story_separator_special_tag washington -- one of the highest performing companies in which the private equity firm founded by mitt romney invested is now a top target of the most vehement anti-abortion groups in the nation . newline_char its clients include hospitals , blood banks , and pharmaceutical manufacturers . newline_char today , it has more than 485,000 customers worldwide . newline_char but at a time when romney is attempting to sell south carolina voters on his pro-life record -- running values-themed radio ads and defending himself from attacks that say he governed as pro-abortion lawmaker --
