e researchers analyzed mitochondrial dna from 1,633 whales and found low genetic diversity . newline_char so the study ’ s lead author , alana alexander , expected to find low diversity , platt reports . newline_char in 2002 , for example , researchers found that killer whales lack diversity in their genes despite their large population size—likely due to some past event that once dramatically reduced their population . newline_char platt writes for hakai magazine , modern sperm whales seem to have all descended from a single female . newline_char it turns out that other species lack diversity , too , because of everything from preferences for the same breeding grounds to loyalty to a certain kind of food . newline_char but she  newline_char as some of earth ’ s largest mammals , they have the largest brain of any creature on the planet and can weigh up to 45 tons . newline_char as john r. story_separator_special_tag worldwide mtdna diversity is relatively low , but highly structured among geographic regions and social groups , attributed to female philopatry . newline_char we found low mtdna diversity ( π = 0.430 % ) reflecting an expansion event < 80 000 years bp , but strong differentiation by ocean , among regions within some oceans , and among social groups . newline_char the interplay of natural selection and genetic drift , influenced by geographic isolation , mating systems and population size , determines patterns of genetic diversity within species . newline_char the sperm whale provides an interesting example of a long‐lived species with few geographic barriers to dispersal . newline_char however , it is unclear whether this female philopatry is due to geographic regions or social groups , or how this might vary on a worldwide scale . newline_char social groups were important in partitioning mtdna and microsatellite variance within both oceans . newline_char to answer these questions , we combined mtdna information for 1091 previously published samples with 542 newly obtained dna profiles ( 394‐bp mtdna , sex , 13 microsatellites ) including the previously unsampled indian ocean , and social group information for 541 individuals .
