like the soy-derived proteins that give soy milk its distinctive flavor , ripple ’ s pea protein isolates have an enviable quality : they taste of nothing at all . newline_char while ripple is their first food-focused venture , both have experience in climate science research and developing sustainable products . newline_char ripple will join established brands — almond breeze , rice dream , so delicious — in the “ alternative dairy space , ” a market whose current value tops $ 2 billion per year , according to some analysts . newline_char at ripple , lowry and renninger have developed a method of isolating the natural proteins found in split yellow peas to create a nutritious goo . newline_char ripple founders adam lowry and neil renninger are plant-food proselytizers who aren ’ t afraid of hard science . newline_char local startup ripple foods amassed $ 15 million in venture capital funding during 2015 . newline_char lowry is a former climate scientist from the carnegie institution for science who was a co-founder of the san francisco-based nontoxic , biodegradable cleaning supply company , method products . story_separator_special_tag if ripple 's technology were widely available , manufacturers could use more plant types to add a variety of health benefits and functionality to food and beverage products . newline_char dive brief : pea-based milk producer ripple could disrupt an already disruptive plant-based dairy industry with new technology and promoting itself as having additional health and sustainability benefits as compared to category leaders like almond and soy milk . newline_char according to ripple , it has a 93 % smaller carbon footprint compared to traditional dairy . newline_char pea-based milk can also lead to other pea-based dairy products , such as yogurt . newline_char ripple developed a technology the company is currently trying to patent that separates the pea 's health benefits from the flavor and color . newline_char and that could be in terms of both breakfast and other eating occasions , as chobani is currently exploring .
