sspeptin the molecule of puberty and sexual fertility paul may university of bristol molecule of the month september 2010 also available : jsmol version . newline_char kisspeptin is a protein that when released from the brain triggers the cascade of biochemical changes that leads to puberty , turning children into adults . newline_char surely nothing to do with gene simmons and co. newline_char ? no , not the rock band kiss , although it has similarities it that it also sends teenagers wild . story_separator_special_tag the hormone kisspeptin can enhance activity in brain regions associated with sexual arousal and romantic love , according to new research . newline_char the scientists behind the early-stage study , from imperial college london , are now keen to explore whether kisspeptin could play a part in treating some psychosexual disorders - sexual problems which are psychological in origin , and commonly occur in patients with infertility . newline_char kisspeptin is a naturally occurring hormone that stimulates the release  story_separator_special_tag in this study , we demonstrate that the reproductive hormone kisspeptin enhances limbic brain activity specifically in response to sexual and bonding stimuli and that these responses correlate with psychometric measures of sexual and emotional processing . story_separator_special_tag mental viagra ’ is on the horizon after scientists discovered that a hormone which surges during puberty can activate lust signals in the brain . newline_char now scientists at imperial college london have found that an injection of kisspeptin can trigger chemicals in the brain which occur when people feel amorous and aroused . newline_char the hormone kisspeptin essentially switches on the desire to reproduce and is linked to feeling sexy , romantic and turned on . story_separator_special_tag it is unclear at this point what this mandatory check will entail , but it 's expected that you newline_char last week , the uk government decided to have another crack at censorship , formally announcing that age verification for all online pornographic content will be mandatory from april 2018 .
