st of the secret service agents embroiled in a prostitution scandal brought women back to their colombia hotel rooms before president obama arrived in town for an international summit , rep. newline_char local cops were called to the hotel in cartagena and , because the matter involved foreigners , a report was written up and sent to the u.s. embassy , king said . newline_char at least one supervisor was among the agents involved , king said . newline_char king said the raunchy rendezvous involved 11 agents and went sour when an agent refused to pay one of the women , who were presumed to be hookers . newline_char ” in colombia , the sex business is so big that some call it the 'thailand of latin america ' as it turned out , the agents ’ troubles were just beginning . story_separator_special_tag ( associated press ) the controversy also expanded to the u.s. military , which announced five service members staying at the same hotel as the agents in colombia may have been involved in misconduct as well . newline_char the secret service sent home some of its agents for misconduct that occurred at the hotel before president barack obama 's ... newline_char ( associated press ) president barack obama smiles to people in the audience taking his picture during the arrival ceremony at the sixth summit of the americas in cartagena , colombia , saturday april 14 , 2012 . newline_char an embarrassing scandal involving prostitutes and secret service agents deepened saturday as 11 agents were placed on leave , and the agency designed to protect president barack obama had to offer regret for the mess overshadowing his diplomatic mission to latin america . newline_char ( associated press ) people walk past hotel el caribe in cartagena , colombia , saturday april 14 , 2012 . newline_char president barack obama sits in front of a large video screen displaying an image of a u.s. national flag during a three-way conversation with brazil 's president dilma rousseff and colombia 's president ...
