w safety rules for fraternities at the university of virginia would require at least three “ sober and lucid ” members to monitor behavior at parties , prohibit pre-mixed alcoholic drinks and implement guest lists to control entry to the houses during an event . story_separator_special_tag ( ap ) — university of virginia president teresa a. newline_char in a statement issued tuesday , sullivan said she approved additions to the university 's fraternal organization agreement . newline_char sullivan says fraternities and sororities are being allowed to reinstate social activities , provided they agree to new safety practices . newline_char the greek system at u.va . newline_char charlottesville , va. story_separator_special_tag last month , rolling stone published a story entitled a rape on campus , which described a brutal gang rape of a woman named jackie during a party at a university of virginia fraternity house , the university 's failure to respond to this alleged assault – and the school 's troubling history of indifference to many other instances of alleged sexual assaults . newline_char university president teresa sullivan promised a full investigation and also to examine the way the school investigates sexual assault allegations . newline_char because of the sensitive  newline_char the story generated worldwide headlines and much soul-searching at uva . story_separator_special_tag fraternities wanting to throw parties at the university of virginia will have to get three members to stay " sober and lucid " to monitor behavior and bedrooms , under new rules imposed after a media report of a gang rape at one of the gatherings . story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . newline_char that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page 's authors.the goal
