we just finished a fantastic year in china where the results are as strong as they 've ever been . newline_char " related : hillary clinton will win u.s. election , says starbucks ceo schultz expects china to eventually overtake the u.s. as the company 's largest market , although he has n't said exactly when . newline_char starbucks ceo howard schultz is unfazed by china 's slowing economy . newline_char even with china growing at its slowest pace in 25 years , starbucks is planning to open more than one new store a day for the next five years in the world 's second largest economy . newline_char related : china 's economy holds steady -- but for how long ? newline_char " if you look five years ago , most of our business , believe it or not , was expats and tourists in china , " he said . newline_char " his critics on wall street and elsewhere said starbucks " was never going to succeed in china , " he recalled . newline_char " such talk is enviable for huge u.s. firms that have failed to get into china -- like facebook ( fb  newline_char by 2021 , starbucks ( sbux ) aims to have nearly 5,000 stores across china . newline_char one of the things that we 've done really well is that we 've always played the long game , " schultz told cnn in an interview in shanghai on wednesday . newline_char but his patience paid off . newline_char ( it 's already no . newline_char 2 . story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . newline_char crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . newline_char that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page 's authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
