l women should begin cervical cancer testing ( screening ) at age 21 . newline_char the american cancer society guidelines for the prevention and early detection of cervical cancer the american cancer society recommends that women follow these guidelines to help find cervical cancer early . story_separator_special_tag black women are dying from cervical cancer at a rate 77 % higher than previously thought , and white women are dying at a rate 47 % higher , according to a study published in the journal cancer on monday . newline_char ( cnn ) the risk of dying from cervical cancer might be much higher than experts previously thought , and women are encouraged to continue recommended cancer screenings . newline_char the study found that previous estimates of cervical cancer death rates did n't account for women who had their cervixes removed in hysterectomy procedures , which eliminates the risk of developing the cancer . newline_char " prior calculations did not account for hysterectomy because the same general method is used across all cancer statistics , " said anne rositch , assistant professor of epidemiology at johns hopkins bloomberg school of public health in baltimore and lead author of the study . newline_char that method is to measure cancer 's impact across a total population without accounting for factors  story_separator_special_tag the death rate from cervical cancer in the united states is considerably higher than previously estimated and the disparity in death rates between black women and white women is significantly wider , according to a study published monday in the journal cancer . newline_char what makes the findings especially disturbing , said experts not involved in the research , is that when screening guidelines and follow-up monitoring are pursued , cervical cancer is largely preventable . newline_char kathleen m. newline_char and now i have even more concerns going forward newline_char “ this shows that our disparities are even worse than we feared , ” said dr.
