burbicon is a peaceful , idyllic suburban community with affordable homes and manicured lawns ... newline_char this is suburbicon . newline_char this is a tale of very flawed people making very bad choices . newline_char the perfect place to raise a family , and in the summer of 1959 , the lodge family is doing just that . story_separator_special_tag the talent in front of and behind the camera for george clooney 's latest directorial effort , the 1950 's satire " suburbicon , " has accumulated heaps of oscar gold . newline_char " suburbicon " is a grotesque frankenstein 's monster stitched together  newline_char but talented , award-winning filmmakers can get it totally , embarrassingly wrong sometimes . newline_char it is irritating , faux-edgy , tonally wack , strained , unfunny , and such a colossally tone-deaf misfire . newline_char clooney enlists julianne moore to trot out her tired stepford wife routine , while matt damon phones in another iteration of his doltish dork character . story_separator_special_tag the perfect veneer of 1950s suburban life is just a mask for the deep rot and hypocrisy festering underneath the trimmed lawns in george clooney 's " suburbicon , " a derivative and somewhat edgeless satire with some compelling performances nonetheless . newline_char clooney directs a script credited to joel and ethan coen , himself and grant heslov about a model community , suburbicon , that promises a perfect suburban existence : a parcel of property for all , clean and well-stocked grocery stores , no traffic and friendly neighbors . story_separator_special_tag he pops up for a couple of scenes as an insurance investigator halfway through “ suburbicon , ” evolves on the spot from mild patience to testy suspicion followed by snide cynicism , then departs with the movie stolen and stuffed into his back pocket . newline_char retrofitted on the scaffolding of an old script by joel and ethan coen , “ suburbicon ” is newline_char let ’ s take a moment first to count our blessings .
