e initiative to improve mexico ’ s law enforcement and rampant corruption comes in response to public outrage over the abduction and suspected massacre of 43 college students who were detained by municipal police in the southern town of iguala two months ago . newline_char mexico city—president enrique peña nieto , facing the biggest crisis in his first two years in office , proposed a series of measures to confront lawlessness , starting with a cleanup of local police by putting them under the control of state governments . story_separator_special_tag mexico city ( ap ) — mexico 's president announced a nationwide anti-crime plan thursday that would allow congress to dissolve local governments infiltrated by drug gangs and give state authorities control over often-corrupt municipal police . newline_char mexico 's president announced a new anti-crime ... newline_char ( associated press ) mexico 's president enrique pena nieto speaks during a ceremony at the national palace in mexico city , thursday , nov. newline_char ( associated press ) mexico 's president enrique pena nieto speaks during a ceremony at the national palace in mexico city , thursday , nov. newline_char ( associated press ) mexico 's president enrique pena nieto speaks during a ceremony at the national palace in mexico city , thursday , nov. newline_char mexico 's president announced a new anti-crime plan that includes proposals ... newline_char mexico 's president announced a new anti-crime plan that includes proposals ... story_separator_special_tag image copyright afp image caption president pena nieto had faced widespread criticism over the students ' disappearance mexican president enrique pena nieto has announced plans to overhaul the country 's municipal police forces after the disappearance of 43 students . newline_char image copyright epa image caption relatives of the missing travelled across the country gathering support the overhaul would begin in mexico 's four most violent states , he said - tamaulipas , jalisco , michoacan and guerrero .
