rst-line treatment for gonorrhea is a combination of two antibiotics ( azithromycin and ceftriaxone ) , and this is the first global report of an infection with high-level resistance to both drugs , according to public health england . newline_char his infection is " is very resistant to the recommended first-line treatment , " said dr. newline_char the man attended sexual health services this year and was found to be infected with a form of the bacteria that is completely resistant to the first line of treatment used against it . newline_char story highlights a man in england is infected with a form of the bacteria that is completely resistant to the first line of treatment gonorrhea has been a growing concern as the bacteria adapt ( cnn ) public health england is investigating the case of a uk man infected with a multidrug-resistant form of gonorrhea . story_separator_special_tag public health england says it is the first time the infection can not be cured with first choice antibiotics . newline_char health officials are now tracing any other sexual partners of the man , who has not been identified , in an attempt to contain the infection 's spread . story_separator_special_tag calls to rein in antibiotic use after study shows 65 % increase worldwide read more public health england ( phe ) said the patient had a regular female partner in the uk , but contracted the infection from a sexual encounter with a woman in south-east asia . newline_char attempts to get rid of the sexually transmitted infection with the recommended treatment – a combination of antibiotics azithromycin and ceftriaxone – have failed . newline_char he visited a health clinic for treatment in early 2018 . newline_char this article is over 9 months old public health england say case is first global report of strand resilient to main antibiotic care a man in the uk has contracted a super-strength strand of gonorrhoea believed to be the first case globally to resist the main antibiotic treatment .
