c 17 news first reported wednesday through an open records request the series of incidents that led to a temporary suspension of delta upsilon in late september . newline_char the letter , dated september 13 , said the office received numerous contacts from students , along with social media posts that claim " active members of delta upsilon fraternity allegedly provided each new member with three pills and instructed them to drug women for the purpose of incapacitating them prior to engaging in sexual activity . newline_char - university of missouri officials have at least two open investigations into the potential use of " date rape " drugs at delta upsilon fraternity . newline_char abc 17 news uncovered a letter from the title ix office informing the fraternity of a possible investigation into use of " date rape " drugs . newline_char the fraternity was given disciplinary probation just a day before a racially-charged incident with students in the legion of black collegians ended up in du front lawn on september 27 . newline_char the fraternity had been given two warnings prior to that by the school for underage drinking and " failing to comply " with university police during a theft investigation . newline_char du received probation after several issues arose from parties on august 27 and september 10 . newline_char a 20-year-old woman was taken by ambulance for an alcohol overdose , a man was pushed down a flight of steps during a fight and an 18-year-old girl tripped and hit her head after drinking too much at du during the september incident . newline_char an mupd police report details a medical call on sept. newline_char she  newline_char " the letter from title ix administrator ellen eardley goes on to say , " should my office receive any information indicating that there is any veracity to the allegations that delta upsilon promoted sexual misconduct and hazing , an investigation will begin immediately . story_separator_special_tag your notification has been saved . newline_char there was a problem saving your notification .
