r romney ’ s aides , dealing with christie ’ s overbearing team was about as pleasurable as a traffic jam on the new jersey turnpike . newline_char christie had rankled romney ’ s team throughout the campaign : he held back his endorsement as long as possible , flirted with big-shot gop donors who begged him to jump into the race and used his prime-time address at the republican national convention to puff up his garden state record — without mentioning romney once . newline_char many months after romney ’ s loss , that toxic relationship is revealed in page-turning detail in “ double down , ” a chronicle of last year ’ s  newline_char for christie ’ s staff in trenton , the feeling toward the romney machine was pretty much mutual . newline_char ” by now , everyone knows that mitt romney ’ s inner circle was righteously peeved at new jersey gov . newline_char chris christie for spending the final days of the 2012 presidential race arm-in-arm with president obama as they toured the jersey coastline after its thrashing by hurricane sandy . newline_char the buddy-buddy act boxed romney out of national media coverage for days while lending the president some bipartisan street cred . newline_char but it wasn ’ t just the storm . story_separator_special_tag according to the new book " double down , " in which journalists mark halperin and john heilemann chronicle the 2012 presidential election , president barack obama told his aides that he 's " really good at killing people " while discussing drone strikes . newline_char ( the newline_char ap this will not go over well for the 2009 nobel peace prize winner . newline_char the reported claim by the commander-in-chief is as indisputable as it is grim . newline_char obama oversaw the 2009 surge in afghanistan , 145 predator drone strikes in nato 's 2011 libya operations , the may 2011 raid that killed osama bin laden , and drone strikes that killed the pakistani taliban leader and a senior member of the somali-based militant group al-shabab this week .
