 was tested in mice with prion disease - the best animal model of human neurodegenerative disorders - but scientists said they were confident the same principles would apply in a human brain with debilitating brain diseases such as alzheimer 's or parkinson 's . newline_char the compound works by blocking a faulty signal in brains affected by neurodegenerative diseases , which shuts down the production of essential proteins , leading to brain cells being unprotected and dying off . newline_char “ it 's the first time a substance has been given to mice that prevents brain disease . newline_char the fact that this is a compound that can be given orally , that gets into the brain and prevents brain disease , is a first in itself… we can go forward and develop better molecules and i ca n't see why preventing this process should only be restricted to mice . newline_char ” in debilitating brain diseases like  story_separator_special_tag scientists are hailing a landmark british study which has paved the way for a pill that can cure brain diseases such as alzheimer 's and parkinson 's by stopping the death of neurons . newline_char but this research , published in the journal science translational medicine , targeted the harmful way brain cells react to misfolded proteins . newline_char the medical research council ( mrc ) team focused on the root cause of many degenerative brain diseases - abnormally shaped proteins that stick together in clumps and fibres . newline_char they also lived longer than untreated animals with the same brain disease . newline_char during the study , a neurodegenerative disease caused by abnormal prion proteins was induced in the mice . newline_char when enough misshapen protein builds up in the brain it can trigger a reaction that results in the death of nerve cells . newline_char prion diseases , which include creutzfeldt-jakob disease ( cjd ) , are rare in humans but share the same underlying cause - misfolded proteins - as more common conditions such as
