eir fighting season nearly over , members of an embattled afghan army unit recently inspected their equipment , most of which was in two heaps on their base . newline_char the problems plaguing hamidullah ’ s battalion represent what might be the biggest threat to the fledgling afghan army : an inability to  newline_char 9 , 2013 many afghan army units are running out of key equipment , including humvees , because of their inability to do repairs or find replacements . newline_char many afghan army units are running out of key equipment , including humvees , because of their inability to do repairs or find replacements . newline_char javier manzano/for the washington post after a tough fighting season , afghan soldiers are finding that a significant portion of their vital equipment is broken and can not be easily replaced . newline_char the afghan soldiers could not fix any of them , and replacements hadn ’ t come . newline_char there were so few humvees that some soldiers walked for 20 hours to get from base to base . newline_char ” asked col. newline_char oct. newline_char there were humvees shredded by roadside bombs , armored trucks damaged by rocket-propelled grenades and other vehicles in need of repair after hard use in one of the country ’ s most volatile areas . story_separator_special_tag every week , as the u.s. troop drawdown accelerates , the united states is selling 12 million to 14 million pounds of its equipment on the afghan market . newline_char the united states is leaving heaps of scrap in afghanistan . newline_char the united states is leaving heaps of scrap in afghanistan . newline_char the united states is leaving heaps of scrap in afghanistan . newline_char a man collects items from a scrap yard near bagram airfield , the main operations headquarters for the international forces in afghanistan . newline_char a man collects items from a scrap yard near bagram airfield , the main operations headquarters for the international forces in afghanistan .
