ling out disease , which the eagles could have caught from chickens at the numerous poultry farms that dot the area or from migrating birds , was an important step in the case , u.s . newline_char hibbard said in an email that while investigators have determined how the eagles died they wo n't release more information — including about any suspects — for fear of compromising the investigation . newline_char the focus of the investigation is now on prosecuting anyone responsible for the deaths — maryland 's largest single die off of the eagles in at least three decades . newline_char federal authorities have determined how 13 bald eagles found dead on the eastern shore have died , but will only say publicly that they have ruled out natural causes . newline_char iduncan @ baltsun.com twitter.com/iduncan  newline_char the birds were found in february by a man roaming farm fields near federalsburg looking for deer antlers . story_separator_special_tag 20 on a farm and in the woods in the town of federalsburg in what maryland natural resources police said was the biggest die-off of bald eagles in the state in 30 years . newline_char the 13 bald eagles that were found dead last month on maryland 's eastern shore did n't die of natural causes , wildlife officials said thursday , and authorities are offering a $ 25,000 reward to help find whoever killed them . newline_char fish and wildlife service said thursday that necropsies had also ruled out diseases , such as avian influenza , a major threat in the region because of its many poultry farms and migratory birds . newline_char the u.s . newline_char the fish and wildlife service and maryland natural resources police said a $ 25,000 reward has been posted for information leading to the conviction of the suspected wildlife offenders . newline_char bald eagles were removed from the endangered species list in 2007 , but they 're still listed as " protected , " and killing one is a crime punishable by up to a year in prison and a $ 100,000 fine .
