ce in the sock , the injured shark was wrestled into a special stretcher and taken to the surface , where vet rob jones cut away the suffocating cord and gave the shark a shot of antibiotics to prevent infection . newline_char marine experts off sydney , australia , made a daring , first-of-its-kind rescue to save a grey nurse shark being choked to death by an elastic cord that somehow got wrapped around its gills and was acting like a noose . newline_char 7news sydney has video detailing the procedure and amazing rescue : the grey nurse shark was spotted off magic point , known as critical shark habitat . newline_char a team of divers and a veterinarian from sealife used a clear-plastic shark sock and coaxed the shark into it . newline_char the challenge was that rescue divers needed to capture the shark , belonging to the most critically endangered shark species , and bring it to the surface . newline_char the shark swam away , and though the wound looks pretty bad , officials said it should heal in a month or so . newline_char ” how would they capture the shark ? newline_char the shark ’ s labored breathing was a sign it was slowly dying . newline_char similar stories on grindtv rare image shows great white shark losing tooth during airborne attack on seal whale shark about to eat diver , or so it appears scientists off delaware catch shark within a shark follow grindtv on google+  newline_char “ their teeth are always on display and they are very sharp. story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . newline_char crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . newline_char that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page 's authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
