associated press ) bahraini shiite anti-government protesters chant anti-government slogans as they gather inside a building in manama , bahrain , friday , feb. newline_char bahraini volunteers donate blood at a hospital in manama , bahrain , friday , feb. newline_char 18 , 2011 , in manama , bahrain . newline_char ( associated press ) obama discussed the situation with king hamad bin isa al khalifa of bahrain , asking the king to hold those responsible for the violence accountable . newline_char 18 , 2011 , in manama , bahrain . newline_char 18 , 2011 . newline_char 18 , 2011 . newline_char ( associated press ) paramedics treat injured bahraini protesters near the pearl roundabout friday , feb. newline_char " security forces opened fire on bahraini protesters for  newline_char president barack obama condemned the violence in bahrain and urged the country 's king in a phone call friday night to show restraint after a series of bloody protests . newline_char obama says bahrain must respect the " universal rights " of its people and embrace " meaningful reform . story_separator_special_tag manama , bahrain - anti-government protesters streamed back into bahrain 's pearl square roundabout saturday to continue their push for political reforms after tanks and armored personnel carriers rumbled out of the capital following an order by the crown prince for the military to withdraw . newline_char police at first fired tear gas at the protesters as they approached the site they were forcibly expelled from just three days ago , witnesses said , but then security forces pulled back to allow the demonstrators to reach the roundabout , located in the financial district of the capital , manama . newline_char crown prince salman bin hamad al-khalifa , who has been assigned to try to broker a dialogue with the country 's mostly shiite-led opposition , appears to hope that by halting the heavy-handed tactics employed by security services over the past few days , he can create an opening for discussion of the protesters ' grievances .
