ticle excerpt boston—extremist u.s. newspapers and other publications found in the apartment of boston marathon bombing suspect tamerlan tsarnaev reveal a broad interest in far-flung conspiracy theories , well beyond the islamist radicalism authorities allege motivated the attack . newline_char tsarnaev discovered some of the radical publications by chance . newline_char tamerlan tsarnaev was 26 years old when he died on april 19 in a firefight with police . newline_char tsarnaev and his brother allegedly set off explosives that killed three people and injured hundreds more . story_separator_special_tag the attorney said the tsarnaev family had a relationship with the larkings that started years ago when the brothers ' mother began working as a personal care assistant for larking 's wife , a quadriplegic since birth . newline_char rosenberg said tuesday the tsarnaev brothers got to know larking while substituting for their mother sometimes by helping to care for his wife . newline_char attorney jason rosenberg , who represents the family of donald larking , said larking shared publications with the brothers , especially tamerlan , and discussed theories including that the sept. newline_char boston marathon bombing suspects tamerlan and dzhokhar tsarnaev befriended a brain-damaged anti-u.s. government conspiracy theorist through their mother 's health care aide job years before the deadly attack , a lawyer said tuesday . newline_char the lawyer 's account first emerged in a wall street journal article , which included tamerlan tsarnaev 's former landlady talking about publications that had been in his cambridge apartment . newline_char authorities say the tsarnaev brothers orchestrated the april 15 marathon bombing , in which two pressure cookers loaded with shrapnel exploded near the race 's finish line , killing three people and injuring more than 260 others . newline_char tamerlan tsarnaev died after a shootout with police a few days after the bombing . newline_char dzhokhar tsarnaev pleaded not guilty last month to charges including using a weapon of mass destruction to kill .
