ghlights russian role in election dominates sunday talk shows podesta says russians ‘ clearly intervened ’ in election incoming senate minority leader chuck schumer and a bipartisan group of colleagues , including republican sen. newline_char john mccain , sent a letter sunday to majority leader mitch mcconnell requesting a special committee to probe reported russian interference into the november presidential election . newline_char king has said the house intelligence committee has not learned that russian officials sought to help donald trump win the election , only that they  newline_char peter king ( r-seaford ) called for an investigation into whether and why cia director john brennan leaked information on russian hacking to members of the media . story_separator_special_tag | ap photo podesta suggests trump associates may have colluded with russian hackers former clinton campaign chairman john podesta said sunday he believes that donald trump 's associates may have colluded with russian hackers to win the election . newline_char " john podesta asked . newline_char story continued below " it 's very much unknown whether there was collusion , " podesta said on nbc 's " meet the press . newline_char when did they know it ? newline_char when  newline_char know ? newline_char know ? story_separator_special_tag one hour later , wikileaks starts dropping my emails into the public , " podesta told chuck todd on " meet the press , " referencing the leaked tape from 2005 that features now-president-elect donald trump bragging in graphic terms about kissing and groping women without their consent . newline_char / updated by liz johnstone john podesta , former chairman of hillary clinton 's campaign , said sunday that the fbi first contacted him about his hacked emails two days after wikileaks began publishing them — and that he has not heard from the fbi since . newline_char on october 7 , the access hollywood tapes comes out . newline_char " let 's go through the chronology . newline_char " one could say that those things might not have been a coincidence .
