vestigators at the march of dimes prematurity research center ohio collaborative looked at 3,485 nordic women and their babies , and found that maternal height , which is determined by genetic factors , helped shape the fetal environment , influencing the length of pregnancy and frequency of prematurity . newline_char in contrast , birth length and birth weight are mainly influenced by transmitted genes . newline_char new research has found that a mother 's height directly influences her risk for preterm birth . newline_char " a major goal of the nationwide network of march of dimes prematurity research centers is identifying genes that govern fetal growth and length of pregnancy . newline_char more than 450,000 babies are born too soon in the u.s. and the national preterm birth rate is worse than many other high-resource countries , the march of dimes says . newline_char 18 , 2015 - shorter mothers have shorter pregnancies , smaller babies , and higher risk for a preterm birth . story_separator_special_tag in this study , we observed the consistent associations between maternal height and birth length , birth weight , and gestational age in each of the three study cohorts . newline_char the estimated effect sizes of the observed associations were respectively ~0.05 cm/cm for birth length , ~10 g/cm for birth weight , and ~0.34 d/cm for newline_char summary of major findings while the extremes of birth size , particularly birth weight , and gestational age at birth are important global contributors to infant mortality , more modest deviations in these parameters have been repeatedly linked to risk for adult disorders such as type 2 diabetes mellitus , hypertension , and cardiovascular disease [ 58–60 ] . newline_char epidemiological evidence has suggested that these birth outcomes are shaped by intrauterine environment , but the relative contribution of maternal genetic , fetal genetic , and nongenetic factors that may drive epigenetic physiological adaptations remains incompletely understood .
