wever , the question of what exactly dickinsonia is has long puzzled scientists . newline_char one of the most famous of the lot is dickinsonia . newline_char the  newline_char their results join mounting evidence that suggests  newline_char in a new study , published this week in science , researchers used modern techniques to take a fresh look at the ancient creatures . story_separator_special_tag researchers found specimens of the creature , known as dickinsonia , that were so well preserved they still contained molecules of cholesterol . newline_char image copyright ilya bobrovskiy image caption the affiliations of dickinsonia had previously been unclear scientists have identified the earliest known animal in the geological record . newline_char dickinsonia belongs to a group of life forms known as the ediacaran biota . newline_char the  newline_char but they have been extremely difficult to classify , and their position on the tree of life has been one of the greatest mysteries in palaeontology . newline_char this fat is a hallmark of animal life , the team reports in the journal science . story_separator_special_tag the strange creature called dickinsonia , which grew up to 1.4 metres in length and was oval shaped with rib-like segments running along its body , was part of the ediacara biota that lived on earth 20 million years prior to the 'cambrian explosion ' of modern animal life . newline_char credit : the australian national university ( anu ) scientists from the australian national university ( anu ) and overseas have discovered molecules of fat in an ancient fossil to reveal the earliest confirmed animal in the geological record that lived on earth 558 million years ago . newline_char anu ph.d. scholar ilya bobrovskiy discovered a dickinsonia fossil so well preserved in a remote area near the white sea in the northwest of russia that the tissue still contained molecules of cholesterol , a type of fat that is the hallmark of animal life . newline_char dickinsonia fossil . newline_char the 
