e medicine in short supply : solutions of sodium bicarbonate—aka , baking soda . newline_char but , however basic and life-saving , the drug has been in short supply since around february . newline_char for example , there was a sodium bicarbonate scarcity in 2012 and a similarly alarming shortage of saline solution in 2014 . newline_char further  newline_char they speculate that it will be no earlier than june or august . newline_char the simple drug is used in all sorts of treatments , from chemotherapies to those for organ failure . newline_char as hospitals and pharmacists struggle with the sodium bicarbonate shortage , experts note that it ’ s just the latest example of stocks of inexpensive , essential generic medicines hitting alarming lows . story_separator_special_tag while the new york times has reported that a shortage of sodium bicarbonate has forced some hospitals to delay chemotherapy treatments and operations or send patients across town , both osf healthcare and unitypoint health-peoria say that in light of the shortage , the hospitals have been conservative with their supplies without resorting to such drastic measures . newline_char peoria — a national shortage of a common drug is prompting hospitals to conserve their supply for only the most necessary applications . newline_char it 's used to lower the ph of blood that has become too acidic , in emergency and operating rooms , as newline_char " while sodium bicarbonate solution is a simple drug — sodium bicarbonate in its solid form is known as baking soda — its use in medicine is more complicated than restocking at the local grocery store . newline_char while the drug is simple , it 's also critical to some hospital operations . newline_char " we are just experiencing major delays and back orders , or order that may come in only partially filled . newline_char only two suppliers in the united states offer the drug , and one is having production issues and the other is n't able to absorb the increased demand .
