 promise your offsets will provide far more money to non-profits that support gays than buying a sandwich at chick-fil-a ends up putting in the pockets of anti-gay-rights organizations . newline_char your offsets will provide far more money to non-profits that support gays than buying a sandwich at chick-fil-a ends up putting in the pockets of anti-gay-rights organizations . newline_char i 'm ted frank and i love the chicken sandwiches at chick-fil-a . newline_char i 'm ted frank and i love the chicken sandwiches at chick-fil-a . newline_char if you 'd rather give money directly to gay-rights organizations without an offset or middleman or chicken sandwich , might i suggest freedom to marry ? newline_char every time you buy a chicken-sandwich meal at chick-fil-a , you can buy an " offset " here . newline_char every time you buy a chicken-sandwich meal at chick-fil-a , you can buy an " offset " here . newline_char chicken offsets buy chicken offsets ! newline_char you can print out the receipt and demonstrate to your friends that the money you gave for lgbt youth more than compensates for the profits you put in chick-fil-a 's coffers . story_separator_special_tag your offsets will provide far more money to non-profits that support gays than buying a sandwich at chick-fil-a ends up putting in the pockets of anti-gay-rights organizations . newline_char chicken offsets love chick-fil-a 's sandwiches but hate the company president 's stance against same-sex marriage ? newline_char i 'm ted frank and i love the chicken sandwiches at chick-fil-a . newline_char i 'm ted frank and i love the chicken sandwiches at chick-fil-a . newline_char every time you buy a chicken-sandwich meal at chick-fil-a , you can buy an " offset " here . newline_char every time you buy a chicken-sandwich meal at chick-fil-a , you can buy an " offset " here . newline_char d.c. lawyer and activist ted frank is now offering a way for chicken-lovers to have their sandwich and support gay rights , too , with chicken offsets . newline_char you can print out the receipt and demonstrate to your friends that the money you gave for lgbt youth more than compensates for the profits you put in chick-fil-a 's coffers .
