pping a week of debate in which opposing voices were scarce , the episcopal church usa 's house of deputies , meeting in the faith 's 78th general convention , voted 184-23 to approve the new liturgy . newline_char in a separate action , episcopal church deputies voted 173 to 27 to approve the change to the church 's canon , or rules , redefining marriage as being between two persons , instead of a man and a woman . newline_char 2 photo s slideshow episcopal church leaders on wednesday adopt rituals for same-sex marriage ceremonies , making it the third mainline protestant denomination in america to do so . story_separator_special_tag salt lake city ( ap ) — episcopalians overwhelmingly voted wednesday to allow religious weddings for same-sex couples , solidifying the church 's embrace of gay rights that began more than a decade ago with the pioneering election of the first openly gay bishop . newline_char ( associated press ) the vote came in salt lake city at the episcopal general convention , just days after the u.s. supreme court legalized gay marriage nationwide . newline_char file - in this may 1 , 2005 , file photo , bishop gene robinson addresses the congregation at christ church in philadelphia , sunday , may 1 , 2005 . story_separator_special_tag the bishops of the episcopal church have authorized their clergy to perform same-sex weddings , but don ’ t expect sweeping changes across the entire denomination anytime soon . newline_char gene robinson , who in 2003 became the first episcopal bishop living openly with a same-sex partner , attends the episcopal general convention in salt lake city on thursday . newline_char in resolutions adopted here at the denomination ’ s general convention meeting in salt lake city this week , the bishops have endorsed new liturgies or services for same-sex couples wishing to marry newline_char episcopalians voted wednesday to allow religious weddings for gay couples , but not every priest will necessarily officiate at a same-sex wedding .
