mp cloverleaf camp cloverleaf is a traditional camp with modern conveniences , combining a relaxed camp atmosphere with today ’ s camping desires . newline_char for summer camp information , please contact your local 4-h extension agent , or click here for more information about our gator adventures camp , open to all youth ages 8-13 . newline_char camp cloverleaf is open to the public year-round and may be reserved for a variety of uses : school field trips church retreats family reunions business meetings teacher in-service training civic organizations athletic groups weddings and more… . newline_char camp cloverleaf can provide a number of opportunities including : conference rooms seating 15-125 overnight accommodations for up to 150 in climate controlled cabins dining hall with climate control food service by request outdoor pavilion with large barbecue grill campfire circle seating 150 large air-conditioned auditorium stage and seats up to 150 waterfront facilities with canoes , kayaks , fishing and swimming lighted recreational field recreational equipment available by request audio-visual equipment by request ( projectors , screens , and speaker system )  story_separator_special_tag more than two dozen children at a summer camp in florida fell ill and are being examined , cbs affiliate wtsp-tv reports . newline_char bashoor explained that some children have been picked up , but about 50 kids remain at the camp . newline_char officials in highlands county say 33 kids and three adults from the clover leaf 4-h camp in lake placid started to feel nauseous . newline_char cbs news has reached out to camp officials , but they did n't immediately provide comment . newline_char last ems units leaving scene — highlands county fire and rescue ( @ highlandsfl_fr ) june 22 , 2018 highlands county fire and rescue officials wrote that children from charlotte , desoto , sarasota , palm beach , broward and miami dade counties are attending the camp . newline_char some began vomiting and others suffered headaches . newline_char no cause determined at this time , investigation turned over to health dept . story_separator_special_tag at least 33 kids and three adults at clover leaf 4-h camp in lake placid , florida , are being examined after falling ill , june 22 , 2018 . newline_char ( via facebook ) newline_char the cause of the disturbance is still unknown .
