s cash topped $ 200 billion for the first time as the portion of money held abroad rose to almost 90 percent , putting more pressure on chief executive officer tim cook to find a way to use the funds without incurring u.s. taxes . newline_char “ they ’ re still sort of hamstrung on what they can do , barring the ability to repatriate a bunch  newline_char cook , who was called before u.s. congress in 2013 to defend apple against allegations of dodging taxes , is facing questions on what apple will do with its cash pile and fielding calls from investors , such as billionaire activist carl icahn , to return shareholder capital . story_separator_special_tag according to a report to be released wednesday , gilead has also developed another specialty : avoiding billions in taxes . newline_char ) over the last few years , gilead sciences has grown into one of the world ’ s largest pharmaceutical companies , fueled by the sales of expensive specialty treatments for hepatitis c. newline_char harvoni , a drug for treating hepatitis c made by gilead sciences . newline_char gilead declined to comment  newline_char ( courtesy of gilead sciences , inc. story_separator_special_tag " let 's not fold to advocacy pressure in 2014 , " kevin young , gilead 's executive vice president for commercial operations , wrote in an internal email . newline_char " gilead gained federal approval for its drug sovaldi in late 2013 and ultimately settled on the price of $ 84,000 for a 12-week course of treatment . newline_char gilead sciences executives were acutely aware in 2013 that their plan to charge an exorbitantly high price for a powerful new hepatitis c drug would spark public outrage , but they pursued the profit-driven strategy anyway , according to a senate finance committee investigation report released tuesday . newline_char ( ap photo/courtesy of gilead sciences ) this story has been updated . newline_char sovaldi , an expensive hepatitis c treatment , is made by gilead sciences . newline_char ‘ ‘ let ’ s hold our position whatever competitors do or whatever the headlines .
