an rickman ’ s most iconic role may very well be professor snape from the harry potter series . newline_char however , when the first films in the series were being made , jk rowling had not yet published the deathly hallows and severus snape was presumed to be a bad guy the whole way through . newline_char rickman knew he wasn ’ t aligned with voldemort the whole time , rowling having previously told him how snape was a secret agent , working for dumbledore . newline_char alan rickman : life in pictures 30 show all alan rickman : life in pictures 1/30 alan rickman at the uk premiere of ' a little chaos ' at odeon kensington in london , 2015 getty images 2/30 alan rickman poses with actress kate winslet and actress helen mccrory as they attend the uk premiere of ' a little chaos ' at odeon kensington in london , 2015 getty image 3/30 4/30 alan rickman signs autographs for fans before the opening ceremony during the febiofest prague international film festival in prague , czech republic , 2015 getty images 5/30 alan rickman poses with 'elle & the pocket belles ' as he attends on day two of the qatar goodwood festival at goodwood racecourse in  story_separator_special_tag alan rickman 's brilliant portrayal in the films brilliantly captured snape as he is in the books -- the total best and the total worst . newline_char all the big moments are in there , from snape 's feelings for harry 's mother lily , to the moment ( do we still have to say spoilers ? newline_char while snape 's backstory in the movies is told in disjointed order in flashbacks and revelations , a youtube user uploaded this video of all of snape 's most important moments into one heartbreaking 14-minute gut check to your emotions . newline_char people who breathe ) no doubt had a love-hate relationship with hogwarts ' complicated potions master professor snape . newline_char tom felton , who plays the awful , awful draco malfoy is a really nice dude in real life who would n't in a million years be sorted into the slytherin house ! newline_char you have to watch all of it . newline_char severus is n't the only person in harry potter who 's hard to pin down .
