tory_separator_special_tag tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications . newline_char tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications . newline_char tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications . story_separator_special_tag tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications . newline_char tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications . newline_char tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications . story_separator_special_tag add donald trump as an interest to stay up to date on the latest donald trump news , video , and analysis from abc news . newline_char add interest " no , that was a different league , a different world , " trump said on friday when asked whether he regretted thursday 's comments -- made amid outrage he 's expressed over the alleged murder of saudi journalist jamal khashoggi . story_separator_special_tag tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications . newline_char tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications . newline_char tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications .
