 the fbi has been called in to assist in the delicate search of a remote area in cass county , where human bones were found monday evening by a mushroom hunter , and now remains of a second person have been found nearby in the area on tuesday . newline_char they also say they have been in contact with the families of kara koptesky and jessica runions , two young women missing from the kansas city area , but could not confirm if the remains were that of these missing women . newline_char authorities with cass county now say they have found a second human skull in the wooded area near e. newline_char 233rd and state route y , south of belton , where they found the first human skull on monday . newline_char " i do  story_separator_special_tag the families of kara kopetsky and jessica runions were notified monday evening about the discovery of unidentified skeletal  newline_char more videos 0:58 kck woman dies in a fatal car crash after being raped pause 1:34 former dispatcher remembers kc 's worst floods 1:51 feathers fly over announced tyson foods chicken plant in tonganoxie 1:54 crime stoppers most wanted fugitives 1:30 suspect charged in two kc killings and remains suspect in three trail deaths 3:00 man charged in two kc murders and is a suspect in three murders on indian creek trail 1:59 despite arrest , safety along indian creek trail still in question 1:00 why kc will never see 50 inches of rain 0:55 five things to know about jeanne lillig-patterson 1:52 a flood for the history books swept through kansas city nearly forty years ago video link copy embed code copy facebook twitter email 'we speak for our daughters ' rhonda beckford and jamie runions talk to media after meeting with belton police tuesday afternoon . story_separator_special_tag the families of kara kopetsky and jessica runions were called by police tuesday after investigators found a second skull in a cass county field . newline_char click here to see video of the scene advertisement human remains were found by a mushroom hunter south of belton monday afternoon . newline_char " although families of missing person cases in the area have been in contact with law enforcement we can not confirm the identity of victims , " the sheriff 's office said in a news release . newline_char a second human skull was located in the same search area , the sheriff 's office said . newline_char further examination is currently in progress . newline_char " no identification has been made at this time . newline_char the remains were found near east 233rd and state route y .
