eir main purpose was to channel “ proceeds of madiba ’ s handprints ” into the accounts of the companies for mandela and his children ’ s benefit . newline_char photo : ap related stories johannesburg - nelson mandela ’ s children have launched a major assault against prominent south africans known to be directors in two companies worth millions . newline_char as the nation prays for the ailing former president to get well , the star can reveal that mandela ’ s daughters makaziwe and zenani mandela , supported by mandela ’ s grandchildren , have made a court application to have advocate george bizos , businessman tokyo sexwale and lawyer bally chuene removed from harmonieux investment holdings and magnifique investment holdings . newline_char the companies , according to court documents and a source , were established by mandela ’ s former lawyer , ismail ayob . newline_char makaziwe and zenani claim that bizos , sexwale and chuene were never appointed by mandela as major shareholders or directors , court papers say . newline_char ap the sale of nelson mandela 's handprints has long been at the centre of a wrangle over who has the right to sell them . story_separator_special_tag bizos , chuene and sexwale were not formally appointed by the shareholder ( mandela ) of the companies by way of any resolution , newline_char the main purpose of the companies was to channel funds from the sale of 94-year-old nelson mandela 's handprints for the benefit of the mandela family . newline_char nelson mandela 's children have launched a court case against several longtime associates of the former president in a dispute over the control of two companies , a south african newspaper reported wednesday . newline_char . ( associated press ) the case was filed monday in the johannesburg high court by mandela 's daughters , makaziwe and zenani mandela , reported the star , and was supported by the grandchildren of the anti-apartheid leader , who recently left a hospital after treatment for pneumonia .
