e stovepipe hat is the big draw — valued at $ 6.5 million — at the abraham lincoln presidential library and museum , but the investigations suggest there ’ s little evidence to connect it to the nation ’ s 16th president , according to a wbez radio story out this week . newline_char old hat — but maybe not lincoln ’ s old hat the purported-but-maybe-not hat once owned ( possibly ) by abraham lincoln is shown at the abraham lincoln presidential library and museum back in 2012 , when the chicago sun-times first raised questions about its lineage . newline_char for now , the hat is not on display — though it hasn ’ t been for months , a museum spokesman said . newline_char that ’ s one takeaway from two investigations — one done with cloak-and-dagger-like secrecy — into the scuffed , slightly crumpled hat that its springfield guardians have long insisted belonged to abraham lincoln . story_separator_special_tag the efforts by the abraham lincoln presidential library foundation involved a dna assessment by the fbi and a report by top curators from the smithsonian national museum of american history and chicago history museum . newline_char they were part of a highly secretive effort to authenticate the hat by the foundation charged with acquiring artifacts for the lincoln museum . newline_char it is the $ 6.5 million centerpiece of a major $ 25 million acquisition of lincoln artifacts in 2007 by the abraham lincoln presidential library foundation , a nonprofit that operates independently of the springfield , illinois museum . newline_char ” the focus of all the attention is a beaver fur hat in lincoln ’ s size . newline_char those historians ultimately encouraged the lincoln museum to “ soften its claim about the hat. newline_char a stovepipe hat that reputedly belonged to abraham lincoln is one of the most historically sacred objects displayed at the abraham lincoln presidential library and museum , but there ’ s insufficient evidence to prove it ever actually belonged to the former president .
