tcoin prices recovered above $ 9,000 after regulators had " productive " discussions on cryptocurrency at a g-20 meeting of finance ministers and central bank governors in buenos aires , argentina , on tuesday . newline_char bitcoin rose more than 4.5 percent above $ 9,000 for the first time in a week , according to coindesk 's bitcoin price index . story_separator_special_tag researchers discover illegal content within the distributed ledger , making possession of it potentially unlawful in many countries german researchers have discovered unknown persons are using bitcoin ’ s blockchain to store and link to child abuse imagery , potentially putting the cryptocurrency in jeopardy . newline_char researchers from the rwth aachen university , germany found that around 1,600 files were currently stored in bitcoin ’ s blockchain . newline_char the blockchain is the open-source , distributed ledger that records every bitcoin transaction , but can also store small bits of non-financial data . newline_char this data is typically notes about the trade of bitcoin , recording what it was for or other metadata . story_separator_special_tag bitcoin ’ s price rose above $ 9,000 for the first time in a week on tuesday evening , despite reports that its underlying blockchain contains hundreds of links to child pornography . story_separator_special_tag bitcoin ’ s creator , satoshi nakamoto , famously left a cryptic message on the blockchain ’ s original block : “ the times 03/jan/2009 chancellor on brink of second bailout for banks. newline_char while the blockchain is largely known to be an immutable ledger of bitcoin transactions corroborated by copies held by participating computers , it also allows its users to leave coded messages . newline_char but german researchers say that links to child pornography within technology underlying bitcoin could stifle its development . newline_char in recent months , bitcoin ’ s supporters have pointed to its falling use in illegal transactions as a sign of the cryptocurrency ’ s growth toward mainstream acceptance .
