huffman high school student is in custody in the fatal shooting of 17-year-old courtlin arrington inside the east birmingham school . newline_char a huffman high school student is in custody in the fatal shooting of 17-year-old courtlin arrington inside the east birmingham school . newline_char initially birmingham police officials said the deadly shooting , which happened inside a classroom as school was dismissing for the day , appeared to be accidental . newline_char because the charges are pending we will not be releasing any information on the individual in custody . newline_char because the charges are pending we will not be releasing any information on the individual in custody . story_separator_special_tag a huffman high school student is in custody in the fatal shooting of 17-year-old courtlin arrington inside the east birmingham school . newline_char a huffman high school student is in custody in the fatal shooting of 17-year-old courtlin arrington inside the east birmingham school . newline_char " initially birmingham police officials said the deadly shooting , which happened inside a classroom as school was dismissing for the day , appeared to be accidental . newline_char initially birmingham police officials said the deadly shooting , which happened inside a classroom as school was dismissing for the day , appeared to be accidental . newline_char because the charges are pending we will not be releasing any information on the individual in custody . newline_char because the charges are pending we will not be releasing any information on the individual in custody . story_separator_special_tag charges are pending a review of the case by the jefferson county district attorney ’ s office , the birmingham police department said today . newline_char a person of interest has been taken into custody after a 17-year-old girl was shot dead at an alabama high school wednesday , police said . newline_char carol robinson/al.com via ap brynn anderson/ap police today did not release any information about the person in custody .
