age copyright bellingcat / russia today image caption bellingcat released a photo of the man it says is anatoliy chepiga ( left ) , while russia today named him as ruslan boshirov ( right ) a russian man accused of the salisbury poisoning is a military officer who received an honour from vladimir putin , an investigative website says . newline_char but the website bellingcat says he is actually an intelligence officer by the name of colonel anatoliy chepiga . newline_char president putin claimed boshirov was a civilian , and on russian tv , he himself said he visited salisbury as a tourist . story_separator_special_tag bellingcat and its investigative partner the insider – russia have established conclusively the identity of one of the suspects in the poisoning of sergey and yulia skripal , and in the homicide of british citizen dawn sturgess . newline_char in these previous two parts of the investigation , bellingcat and the insider concluded that the two suspects – traveling internationally and appearing on russian television under the aliases “ ruslan boshirov ” and “ alexander petrov ” – are in fact undercover officers of the russian military intelligence , widely known as gru . newline_char the suspect using the cover identity of “ ruslan boshirov ” is in fact colonel anatoliy chepiga , a highly decorated gru officer bestowed with russia ’ s highest state award , hero of the russian federation . newline_char part 1 and part 2 of bellingcat ’ s investigation into the skripal poisoning suspects are available for background information . newline_char this finding eliminates any remaining doubt that the two suspects in the novichok poisonings were in fact russian officers operating on a clandestine government mission . newline_char following bellingcat ’ s own identification , multiple sources familiar with the person and/or the investigation have confirmed the suspect ’ s identity . newline_char bellingcat has been able to confirm the actual identity of one of the two officers .
