 severe disorganized thinking -- moderate hallucinationsthe document was filed by julie , one of casey 's daughters who is trying to become conservator . newline_char casey kasem his mind is gone exclusive is in terrible shape ... newline_char casey 's wife of 33 years , jean , is fighting the move to take control away from her.the doctor says casey has been sliding downhill for the last 3 to 4 years . newline_char according to the examining physician , casey has -- major impairment to short term , long term and immediate recall memory -- major impairment to verbally communicate -- major impairment to perform simple calculations , plan simple tasks and reason logically. story_separator_special_tag the seed for this crawl was a list of every host in the wayback machine this crawl was run at a level 1 ( urls including their embeds , plus the urls of all outbound links including their embeds ) the warc files associated with this crawl are not currently available to the general public . story_separator_special_tag the docs were filed by julie , one of casey 's 3 kids from his first marriage , asking a judge to create a conservatorship and give her and her husband the power to control casey 's health care decision . newline_char exclusive casey kasem is mainly bedridden with advanced parkinson 's disease , only able to " shuffle short distances " and may have the early onset of dementia ... newline_char casey 's kids claim jean has not allowed them any contact with their dad for 3 months . newline_char julie claims she currently has a power of attorney to make health care decisions for casey , and that should give more than enough authority to have contact with him . newline_char julie says jean wo n't even allow casey 's kids to talk with them by phone . newline_char julie says in the papers that casey 's wife of 33 years , jean , has isolated casey from his kids . story_separator_special_tag the seed for this crawl was a list of every host in the wayback machine this crawl was run at a level 1 ( urls including their embeds , plus the urls of all outbound links including their embeds ) the warc files associated with this crawl are not currently available to the general public .
