otos taken , edited , and shared to instagram can show signs of depression through filters , faces , and colors , according to harvard university ’ s andrew reece and christopher danforth from the university of vermont . newline_char predictive markers of depression in instagram photos wouldn ’ t be used for treatment ; rather , they could potentially become part of procedures to catch symptoms of depression early and prompt  newline_char computers trained on signals like hue , facial recognition , and saturation were also better at predicting depression than average humans who analyzed photo attributes like happiness , sadness , and likability . newline_char further results show that through this method , depression can be predicted even before an individual receives a diagnosis . newline_char algorithmically generated results had a more successful diagnostic success rate for depression than that of general practitioners . story_separator_special_tag the researchers then analyzed their instagram photos by looking at colors , brightness , and faces . newline_char they were then asked about their social media habits and history of depression diagnosis . newline_char participants ’ levels of depression were determined using a standardized clinical depression survey . newline_char instagram can be a good indicator of a person ’ s mental health . newline_char the study was based on 166 volunteers who were recruited from amazon mechanical turk , where you can make money by completing “ human intelligence tasks , ” and it looked at their entire instagram histories , which came out to about 43,950 photos . story_separator_special_tag researchers from harvard and the university of vermont have found that instagram photos can be analyzed to screen for depression . newline_char photos with decreased brightness , decreased saturation and increased hue indicated depression . newline_char the scientists used the photos ' attributes , including brightness and color , to correctly identify which participants suffered from depression at a better rate than the typical physician . newline_char the computer correctly identified 70 % of the instances of depression . newline_char your instagram filter may reveal more than you realize about your mental health .
