shington the united states on thursday cut aid to uganda , imposed visa restrictions and canceled a regional military exercise in response to a ugandan law that imposes harsh penalties on homosexuality . newline_char " homosexuality is taboo in most african countries and illegal in 37 , including in uganda where it has been a crime since british rule . story_separator_special_tag uganda passed a law in february that strengthened criminal penalties for gay sex and made life sentences possible for those convicted of breaking the law . newline_char " the discriminatory law in uganda that criminalizes homosexual status should be repealed , as should laws and policies in the more than 76 countries around the world that criminalize homosexuality . newline_char we will do everything we can to work with governments and our non-government  newline_char ambassador samantha power said in a statement . newline_char the obama administration did not identify the targeted officials . story_separator_special_tag in addition , the white house said thursday that washington will cancel a planned military exercise with uganda and deny entry to certain ugandan citizens , including those " involved in serious human rights abuses , including against lgbt individuals . newline_char " the united states will not end its humanitarian support for uganda or its cooperation to stamp out the lord 's resistance army , led by the elusive joseph kony " we will seek to advance these interests even as we continue -- in uganda and around the world -- to oppose discriminatory practices and champion human rights for all newline_char story highlights u.s. pulls funding from uganda 's government move is in response to uganda 's anti-gay law washington also cancels a planned military exercise uganda 's president signed measure earlier this year uganda 's government institutions will lose u.s. funding as punishment for a law signed earlier this year by president yoweri museveni that makes some homosexual acts punishable by life in prison .
