esident trump said friday " i think you know the answer to that " when a reporter asked him in bedminster , new jersey whether the u.s. is going to war with north korea . newline_char trump , after the president floated the possibility of a " bad solution " in north korea . newline_char trump said . newline_char trump story_separator_special_tag president trump on friday refused to rule out a u.s. military intervention in venezuela , where civil strife has turned violent . newline_char ” trump declined to say whether american troops would lead a possible military effort in venezuela , saying : “ we don ’ t talk about it. newline_char “ we have many options for venezuela , including a possibile military option if necessary. newline_char “ venezuela is not very far away , and the people are suffering and they ’ re dying , ” he said . newline_char trump newline_char tensions in venezuela have boiled over in recent months , with widespread protests against the increasingly autocratic government of president nicolas maduro . story_separator_special_tag following trump ’ s assertion that military intervention in venezuela was an option , maduro ’ s critics are caught between backing the idea of a foreign invasion of venezuela or supporting a president they call a dictator . newline_char u.s. president donald trump ’ s surprise comments on friday may bring the beleaguered maduro some respite in the region , just as venezuela was on verge of becoming a pariah over its recent installation of a legislative superbody , widely condemned as a power grab by the ruling socialists . newline_char caracas/lima ( reuters ) - after months of attacking venezuela ’ s unpopular president nicolas maduro , latin america came out strongly against u.s. threats of military action against the crisis-hit nation . newline_char the sudden escalation of washington ’ s response to venezuela ’ s crisis preceded u.s. vice president mike pence ’ s trip to the region beginning sunday . newline_char trump
