vertisement while it 's obviously too early to say for certain just how much the storm could impact early voting between the east coast and the great lakes , it does n't exactly take a giant leap to imagine a scenario where the answer to that question is somewhere between " some " and " a whole lot . newline_char for starters , it has forced president obama and mitt romney to rework their carefully planned campaign schedules , and election officials in maryland and the district of columbia to temporarily suspend early voting . newline_char but what about what the storm will do to voters ' psyches ? newline_char retrospection and the attentive electorate in the context of natural disasters . newline_char josh voorhees josh voorhees is a slate senior writer . newline_char he lives in iowa city . newline_char photo by dennis brack-pool/getty images . newline_char " if nothing else , the storm is providing one final unscripted moment for a campaign that appeared to be largely in auto-drive heading into the final week . story_separator_special_tag the investor ’ s business daily poll has already announced that it will suspend its national tracking poll until the storm passes , and other cancellations may follow . newline_char could the storm affect their results ? newline_char fifteen million americans represent about newline_char i ’ m not sure whether i render the greater disservice by contemplating the political effects of a natural disaster — or by ignoring the increasingly brisk winds whipping outside my apartment in brooklyn . newline_char the northeast is democratic leaning , of course : imagine that these voters would prefer barack obama to mitt romney by a net of 20 percentage points , on average . newline_char imagine that 15 million people are essentially off-limits to pollsters because of the hurricane , because they are without power , displaced from their homes or otherwise are well-adjusted human beings who are more interested in looking after their families than in answering a political survey .
