msay informed the vatican in a november 2000 letter about then cardinal theodore mccarrick 's misconduct with seminarians from seton hall university 's immaculate conception seminary . newline_char a 2006 letter from cardinal leonardo sandri , a top vatican official confirms ... newline_char a 2006 letter from cardinal leonardo sandri , a top vatican official confirms that the holy see received information in 2000 about the sexual misconduct of now-resigned u.s. cardinal ... newline_char ramsay , who in 2000 was on the faculty at the seminary , has said he sent the letter at the request of the then-vatican ambassador because he had heard  newline_char catholic news service , the news agency of the u.s. bishops ' conference , published the letter friday from then-archbishop leonardo sandri to the rev . newline_char ( associated press ) vatican city ( ap ) — a 2006 letter from a top vatican official confirms that the holy see received information in 2000 about the sexual misconduct of now-resigned u.s. cardinal , lending credibility to bombshell accusations of a cover-up at the highest echelons of the roman catholic church . story_separator_special_tag vatican city ( cns ) -- a top official from the vatican secretariat of state acknowledged allegations made by a new york priest in 2000 concerning archbishop theodore e. newline_char in the letter , father ramsey told cns , " i complained about mccarrick 's relationships with seminarians and the whole business with sleeping newline_char then-archbishop sandri wrote to father ramsey , " i ask with particular reference to the serious matters involving some of the students of the immaculate conception seminary , which in november 2000 you were good enough to bring confidentially to the attention of the then apostolic nuncio in the united states , the late archbishop gabriel montalvo . newline_char 11 , 2006 , from then-archbishop leonardo sandri , the former vatican substitute for general affairs , asking for information regarding a priest of the archdiocese of newark who studied at immaculate conception seminary and was being vetted for a post at a vatican office . newline_char he made the letter available to cns .
