rginia-based american tradition partnership is asking the nation 's high court to rule without a hearing because the group says the state law conflicts directly with the citizens united decision that removed the federal ban on corporate campaign spending . newline_char twenty-two states and the district of columbia are backing montana in its fight to prevent the u.s. supreme court 's 2010 citizens united decision from being used to strike down state laws restricting corporate campaign spending . newline_char the states led by new york are asking the high court to preserve montana 's state-level regulations on corporate political expenditures , according to a copy of a brief written by new york 's attorney general 's office and obtained by the associated press . newline_char the 22 states and d.c. say the montana law is sharply different from the federal issues in the citizens united case , so the ruling should n't apply to montana 's or other state laws regulating corporate campaign spending . story_separator_special_tag the montana supreme court ruled that the ban was justified because of a history in the state of powerful corporate interests , copper mining companies , distorting politics with money . newline_char the states filed a brief with the supreme court on monday in support of a century-old law in montana – the corrupt practices act – against companies pumping money into elections . newline_char if the supreme court agrees to take up the case , it is not likely to overturn citizens united , but it could hand down a decision that would give state legislatures greater leeway in limiting corporate money in politics . newline_char the law was struck down by a montana court following the us supreme court ruling two years ago in the citizens united case , which lifted most restrictions on corporations spending money on political advertising . newline_char nearly half of us states have thrown their weight behind a legal defence of local laws restricting corporate money in politics by asking the supreme court to revisit its widely-criticised ban on similar national legislation .
