vestigators are working to uncover whether the suspects , chechen-american muslim brothers dzhokhar tsarnaev and tamerlan tsarnaev , were lone assailants or trained by a terrorist organization . newline_char but after 19-year-old dzhokhar tsarnaev 's capture late friday night , less than a day after his 26-year-old brother died in friday 's shootout , muslim communities now face a vexing question : do they accept the men as muslims despite the allegations against them ? newline_char in the days since two deadly bombs and the separate shootings that followed brought boston to a standstill , the region 's muslim community has loudly condemned the violence and distanced itself from the suspects . newline_char if so , will they give tamerlan tsarnaev an islamic burial ? newline_char fearing retaliation , dozens of mosques and islamic groups have distanced themselves from the brothers after friends and family described them as muslims , and social media accounts registered in their names indicated they were interested in islamic chechen insurgency groups . newline_char tamerlan tsarnaev , the older of the two , has been described as more  story_separator_special_tag tamerlan tsarnaev was killed early friday after a shootout with police in the boston suburbs . newline_char dzhokhar tsarnaev is telling authorities he and his brother , tamerlan , learned how to make bombs from al qaeda 's online magazine , which recommends using fireworks . newline_char the brothers suspected in the boston marathon bombings may have been headed for new york to party after the attack , the new york police commissioner said wednesday . newline_char officials say tamerlan bought fireworks in new hampshire before the bombing . newline_char the surviving brother has told investigators that the pair acted alone , were inspired by an al qaeda propaganda magazine , and plotted the bombing to defend islam after the u.s.-led wars in iraq and afghanistan , federal law enforcement officials told nbc news .
