tory_separator_special_tag sequoia tested at 16.32 petaflop/s , compared to k computer 's 10.51 petaflop/s . newline_char " while sequoia may be the fastest , the underlying computing capabilities it provides give us increased confidence in the nation 's nuclear deterrent , " said national nuclear security administration ( nnsa ) administrator thomas d'agostino . newline_char " while sequoia may be the fastest newline_char sequoia will be used to carry out simulations to help extend the life of aging nuclear weapons , avoiding the need for real-world underground tests . story_separator_special_tag – the national nuclear security administration ( nnsa ) today announced that a supercomputer called sequoia at lawrence livermore national laboratory ( llnl ) was ranked the world 's most powerful computing system . newline_char show full pr text nnsa 's sequoia supercomputer ranked as world 's fastest supercomputer at lawrence livermore national lab passes 16 petaflops washington , d.c. newline_char clocking in at 16.32 sustained petaflops ( quadrillion floating point operations per second ) , sequoia earned the number one ranking on the industry standard top500 list of the world 's fastest supercomputers released monday , june 18 , at the international supercomputing conference ( isc12 ) in hamburg , germany . newline_char " while sequoia may be the fastest newline_char " computing platforms like sequoia help the united states keep its nuclear stockpile safe , secure , and effective without the need for underground testing , " said nnsa administrator thomas d'agostino . newline_char sequoia is dedicated to nnsa 's advanced simulation and computing ( asc ) program for stewardship of the nation 's nuclear weapons stockpile , a joint effort from llnl , los alamos national laboratory and sandia national laboratories . newline_char a 96-rack ibm blue gene/q system , sequoia will enable simulations that explore phenomena at a level of detail never before possible . newline_char sequoia was built for nnsa by ibm .
