yor rahm emanuel on monday won praise from some representatives of chicago 's immigrant community for going to court to block president donald trump 's department of justice from withholding some police grant funding from so-called sanctuary cities . newline_char some of those same activists , though , contend emanuel should do even more to prevent police from helping federal officials deport chicago immigrants who entered the country without the required legal documentation . newline_char "  newline_char " the wide array of views coming from emanuel 's city hall , the white house and immigrant protection groups is a sign of the complex debate the mayor has entered by filing the lawsuit . story_separator_special_tag story continued below sessions ' barbed reply argued that record numbers of murders in chicago in recent years were attributable at least in part to emanuel 's decision to stick with a sanctuary policy that encourages police to ignore the immigration status of those they encounter . newline_char | andrew harnik/ap sessions blasts rahm emanuel over sanctuary suit attorney general jeff sessions lashed out at chicago mayor rahm emanuel on monday , delivering an unusually caustic reaction to a new lawsuit challenging the trump administration 's plans to crack down on so-called sanctuary cities . newline_char "  story_separator_special_tag | nader issa/sun-times attorney general jeff sessions on monday blasted the “ political leadership of chicago ” and “ the culture of lawlessness that has beset the city ” just hours after mayor rahm emanuel ’ s administration sued sessions to bar him from cutting federal crimefighting funds to sanctuary cities . newline_char after rahm sues feds , a.g. jeff sessions blisters ‘ lawless ’ chicago mayor rahm emanuel , with police supt . newline_char eddie johnson ( left ) and u.s. rep. newline_char rather than take a hands-off approach to the now-pending litigation , sessions stepped up attacks on chicago , the city that has been repeatedly bashed by president donald trump because of its ongoing problems with controlling crime .
