s flagship store , would mark an attempt by amazon to connect with customers in the physical world . newline_char amazon has built its business on competitive pricing and ... newline_char amazon.com inc. newline_char plans to open a store in the middle of new york city , according to people familiar with the plans , the first brick-and-mortar outlet in its 20-year history and an experiment to provide the type of face-to-face experience found at traditional retailers . story_separator_special_tag online retail giant amazon will take on macy 's and other herald square retailers with a physical store of its own for the holidays in new york , according to a wall street journal report citing people familiar with the plans . newline_char amazon has shaken up the retail world by offering lower prices than many brick-and-mortar stores and offering comparison app tools that brought forth the trend of " showroom buying " — folks going to a physical store to see the item , then going home and ordering it online to save money . newline_char according to the report , amazon 's manhattan location would function as a " mini-warehouse " for same-day delivery in new york , product returns and pickups of online orders . newline_char ( photo : lionel bonaventure , afp/getty images ) los angeles — could this be amazon 's miracle on 34th street ? newline_char " amazon would be expected to devote much of the floor space to its kindle e-readers and tablets , which have sold well , as well as the underperforming fire set-top box and fire smartphone . newline_char richard doherty , an analyst with the envisioneering group , says new york attracts many foreign tourists who shop on amazon back home , but find many products only sold here . newline_char amazon declined to comment , with spokeswoman kelly cheeseman adding , " we have made no announcements about a location in manhattan . newline_char a retail store offering same-day delivery could be " a tremendous uptick for tourists " and generate " tremendous volume , " doherty says .
