en though she was wearing thick sneakers , michelle was exposed to vibrio vulnificus , a flesh-eating bacteria . newline_char × texas woman recounts her ‘ unreal ’ fight against flesh-eating bacteria austin , texas – a texas woman is recovering after a trip to the beach quickly turned into a life-threatening scare . newline_char “ kinda like you ’ re on fire from within , ” she said . newline_char it attacks the  story_separator_special_tag lenny contracted vibrio vulnificus , a potentially deadly , flesh eating bacteria . newline_char lenny got sick after eating raw oysters at an orange beach restaurant . newline_char lenny and joann buck wanted to spend their 24th wedding anniversary at the beach in baldwin county , but the georgia couple 's vacation plans now include the hospital . newline_char the bacteria thrives in warm , saltwater and can enter the body through open wounds or by eating contaminated shellfish . newline_char he had a fever and developed sores and blisters on one of his legs . newline_char he faces his 6th surgery thursday to repair his damaged and infected leg . story_separator_special_tag bitten by a spider , now what ? newline_char do you have west nile ? newline_char shake that stubborn cough ! newline_char fall allergies nothing to sneeze at fall allergies nothing to sneeze at why we need vitamin d why we need vitamin d kids more vulnerable to this illness kids more vulnerable to this illness bitten by a spider , now what ? newline_char shake that stubborn cough ! newline_char do you have west nile ? newline_char drinking , the right way drinking , the right way bad news for beef lovers bad news for beef lovers before you tummy tuck , watch this before you tummy tuck , watch this one mother 's tragic story one mother 's tragic story beat this by washing your hair beat this by washing your hair beware of delayed drowning beware of delayed drowning a car can heat up fast in the sun a car can heat up fast in the sun miracle baby survives 3-story fall miracle baby survives 3-story fall do n't
