car-winner vittorio storaro weighs in on the recent accusations that director bernardo bertolucci and star marlon brando took advantage of maria schneider during the filming of the sexually charged 1972 release . newline_char lauded for its adventurousness by critics and honored with two academy award nominations for brando and bertolucci , the film nevertheless instantly stirred controversy — it was banned or censored in multiple countries and was initially given an x-rating by the mpaa . newline_char storaro worked with bertolucci two years later on last tango in paris . newline_char the three-time oscar winner , known for his lush visual style in classics like apocalypse now , reds and the last emperor , has been a longtime collaborator of 76-year-old italian auteur bernardo bertolucci 's , beginning in 1970 with the groundbreaking italian drama the conformist , which is considered one of the most strikingly cinematic films of all time . story_separator_special_tag " bertolucci says the only novelty sprung on actress maria schneider was the butter — not the simulated rape , which he said was written into the script . newline_char " the controversial film made headlines in recent days after a 2013 interview surfaced in which bertolucci said neither he nor marlon brando had told schneider of their plans to use the stick of butter during the scene . newline_char 15 , 2016 , file photo , director bernardo bertolucci poses for photographers during a photo call at the rome film festival in rome . newline_char 15 , 2016 , file photo , director bernardo bertolucci poses for photographers during a photo call at the rome film festival in rome . newline_char ( associated press ) rome ( ap ) — italian director bernardo bertolucci is clarifying details about the infamous butter rape scene in the " last tango in paris . newline_char " some people thought , and think , that maria was n't informed about the rape , " said a bertolucci statement carried by the ansa news agency monday .
