p u.n. officials and government leaders from about 150 countries are uniting around an agreement on migration , while finding themselves on the defensive about the non-binding deal ... newline_char top u.n. officials and government leaders from about 150 countries are uniting around an agreement on migration , while finding themselves on the defensive about the non-binding deal ... newline_char ( associated press ) marrakech , morocco ( ap ) — a united nations accord , the " global compact on migration , " adopted monday by 164 u.n. members , but not the united states , aims to improve the treatment of migrants worldwide . newline_char 's international organization for migration estimates there are 1 billion migrants worldwide , or nearly one in every seven humans . newline_char german chancellor angela merkel arrives to attend a un migration conference in marrakech , morocco , monday , dec.10 , 2018 . newline_char german chancellor angela merkel arrives to attend a un migration conference in marrakech , morocco , monday , dec.10 , 2018 . story_separator_special_tag top u.n. officials and government leaders from about 150 countries are uniting around an agreement on migration , while finding themselves on the defensive about the non-binding deal ... newline_char top u.n. officials and government leaders from about 150 countries are uniting around an agreement on migration , while finding themselves on the defensive about the non-binding deal ... newline_char ( associated press ) marrakech , morocco ( ap ) — defying fierce opposition from the united states and a few other nations , nearly 85 percent of the countries at the u.n. agreed monday on a sweeping yet non-binding accord to ensure safe , orderly and humane migration . newline_char german chancellor angela merkel arrives to attend a un migration conference in marrakech , morocco , monday , dec.10 , 2018 . newline_char german chancellor angela merkel arrives to attend a un migration conference in marrakech , morocco , monday , dec.10 , 2018 .
