nowned wine collector rudy kurniawan forged some of the finest vintages in the world , a series of french experts told his new york fraud trial thursday . newline_char the 37-year-old kurniawan , once considered one of the top-five wine collectors in the business , faces up to 40 years in jail if convicted of wire and postal fraud . newline_char but prosecutors say he sold ordinary wine that he blended in his kitchen " laboratory " and re-bottled to masquerade as vintage wines worth thousands of dollars . newline_char kurniawan rose rapidly to the top of his profession thanks to his exceptional palate , capable of identifying the finest wines , and spent millions of dollars each year . newline_char born in indonesia , he had also been living illegally in the united states since 2003 when his asylum bid was rejected . story_separator_special_tag rudy kurniawan was charged with mail fraud for creating and then trying to sell wine that was counterfeit . newline_char a california man once known as a fine wine collector and dealer was convicted on two counts of fraud wednesday in manhattan federal court . story_separator_special_tag first federal prosecution for selling fake wine yields a conviction ; indonesian collector faces possible sentence of 40 years rudy kurniawan did something unprecedented in the world of rare wines in 2006 . newline_char a federal jury pronounced him guilty of fraud for selling counterfeit wines and defrauding a finance company , making the 37-year-old indonesian the first person tried and convicted for selling fake wines in the u.s . story_separator_special_tag and on wednesday , a manhattan jury agreed , finding kurniawan guilty of fraud in connection with selling counterfeit wines and of defrauding a finance company . newline_char rudy kurniawan was once the toast of the fine-wine world , renowned for his ability to find some of the rarest — and priciest — wines in the world . newline_char prosecutors have argued that kurniawan used his exceptional palate to
