w scrutiny the sec joins the commodity futures trading commission , which has previously said it was considering registration for high-speed traders of futures . newline_char levin , a michigan democrat , sought responses from the sec and cftc to 13 questions on the effects , trends , concerns and regulatory reaction related to high-frequency trading , according to a copy of the letter obtained by bloomberg news and confirmed by one of the people . newline_char “ the sec should not roll back the technology clock or prohibit algorithmic trading , but we are assessing the extent to which specific elements of the computer-driven trading environment may be working against investors rather than for them , ” white told the sandler o ’ neill & partners global exchange and brokerage conference . newline_char the sec is aiming to bring more transparency to markets and address claims of unfair advantages held by traders who account for about half of u.s. stock executions and have been blamed for everything from the flash crash of may 2010 to market volatility during the european debt crisis . newline_char “ we have remained concerned with those issues as public interest in high frequency trading in the u.s. capital markets , and apparent trading abuses in connection with high-frequency trading , have increased , ” according to the april 11 letter signed by levin and senator john mccain of arizona , the panel ’ s top republican . newline_char senator carl levin , chairman of the permanent subcommittee on investigations , asked regulators to provide information on risks posed by high-speed traders in advance of a hearing this month , according to three people with knowledge of the matter . story_separator_special_tag the top u.s. stock-market regulator vowed to ratchet up oversight of computer-driven trading thursday , setting a more aggressive tone for market regulation amid concerns that lightning-fast trading poses risks that could undermine market integrity and harm investors .
