ese crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . newline_char crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . newline_char that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page 's authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web . story_separator_special_tag but there are better reasons why i should , " edwards told reporters in baton rouge , la . newline_char now , in his latest exhibition of life as political performance art , edwin edwards — former louisiana governor , convicted racketeer , celebrated womanizer and , at age 86 , new father — announced monday he would be a candidate for congress . newline_char edwin edwards and his wife , trina , arrive with their son , eli , at a baton rouge news conference , where edwards announced his comeback bid for congress . newline_char and i acknowledge that there are good reasons why i should not run ... newline_char " when last seen on the national stage , edwards was co-starring in " the  newline_char " i 've given a great deal of thought to this ... story_separator_special_tag edwin edwards is throwing his hat into the open race for louisiana 's 6th congressional district . newline_char but there are better reasons why i should , " said the democrat , who served an unprecedented four terms as governor . newline_char " i acknowledge there are good reasons i should not run . newline_char he also put to rest questions over whether his status as an ex-con would keep him from being a qualified congressional candidate : " once and for all i 'm positive i can run and i 'm confident i can win . newline_char " edwards said the decision was not an easy one , but he ended up where he was " because i feel , i feel , that i can accomplish something if not immediately
