le players who were good at the game also tended to pay compliments to other male and female players . newline_char [ the only guide to gamergate you ’ ll ever need to read ] as they watched the games play out and tracked the comments that players made to each other , the researchers observed that — no matter their skill level , or how the game went — men tended to be pretty cordial to each other . newline_char some male players , however — the ones who were less-skilled at the game , and performing worse relative their peers — made frequent , nasty comments to the female gamers . newline_char for their latest study , published in the journal plos one last week , the duo watched how men treated women during 163 plays of the video game halo 3 . newline_char but the  newline_char that bit of validation comes courtesy michael kasumovic and jeffrey kuznekoff , researchers at the university of new south wales and miami university , respectively . newline_char here ’ s a research finding that should surprise no one : the men most likely to harass women online … are the men most likely to have their own problems . story_separator_special_tag we hypothesised that female-initiated disruption of a male hierarchy incites hostile behaviour from poor performing males who stand to lose the most status . newline_char abstract gender inequality and sexist behaviour is prevalent in almost all workplaces and rampant in online environments . newline_char although there is much research dedicated to understanding sexist behaviour , we have almost no insight into what triggers this behaviour and the individuals that initiate it . newline_char we argue that a clearer understanding of sexist behaviour can be gained through an evolutionary perspective that considers evolved differences in intra-sexual competition . newline_char to test this hypothesis , we used an online first-person shooter video game that removes signals of dominance but provides information on gender , individual performance , and skill .
