ieves have stolen 300 bottles of fine wines worth €250,000 ( £230,500 ) from a cellar in central paris after breaking into the trove of vintages from the catacombs , the maze of mainly off-limits tunnels under the french capital . newline_char the apparently well-informed thieves broke first into the catacombs from one of many secret or sealed entrances around paris before drilling a hole through the cellar wall of the property near the luxembourg gardens - which houses the french senate . story_separator_special_tag to complete their heist , they used a secret pathway in the paris catacombs . newline_char the real-life artful dodgers managed to navigate the intricate maze that make up the paris catacombs . newline_char the flat was located in a fashionable paris neighbourhood , near the jardin du luxembourg and the french senate . story_separator_special_tag thieves knocked through a wall of the paris catacombs to break into the luxury apartment ’ s cellar and steal an estimated 250,000 euros-worth of vintage wines , french media has reported police as saying . newline_char thieves who stole more than 250,000 euros worth of fine wine from a paris apartment cellar exploited the french capital 's vast underground tunnel network , according to french media reports . newline_char there are an estimated six million people buried in the paris catacombs , part of a vast underground tunnel network stretching for several miles underneath the french capital . newline_char french media said that the thieves stole around 300 bottles of fine wine from the cellar of an apartment in the plush sixth arrondissement of paris , near to the le jardin du luxembourg . newline_char earlier this summer , two teenagers were lost in the paris catacombs for three days . newline_char paris police said that they were investigating how the theft took place . newline_char police speculated that such precision in the catacombs network would require significant research and planning by the culprits .
