u can come back at the end of your 30-day period for another 5 free articles , or you can purchase a subscription and continue to enjoy valuable local news and information . newline_char you can come back at the end of your 30-day period for another 5 free articles , or you can purchase a subscription and continue to enjoy valuable local news and information . newline_char please click sign up to subscribe , or login if you are already a member . newline_char please click below to get started . newline_char if you are a current 7-day subscriber you are granted an all-access pass to the website and digital newspaper replica . story_separator_special_tag police canvassed the downtown charlottesville area looking for more surveillance videos , trying to corroborate the story that graham was last seen with the man who is now a person of interest . newline_char the video shows an unidentified white male following graham . newline_char police released two surveillance videos of graham wednesday night . newline_char that video shows graham walking with the same man still behind her . newline_char graham , 18 , was reported missing on sunday when friends and family realized they had n't seen or heard from her since late friday/early saturday morning . newline_char thursday , police are back on charlottesville 's downtown mall in the search for graham . newline_char police are currently waiting for banks to get surveillance video to them . newline_char investigators hope new surveillance video will them help figure out what happened to her . newline_char thursday , police are back out looking for missing university of virginia second-year student hannah graham . newline_char the other surveillance video is from tuel jewelers at 1:08 a.m. saturday . newline_char " we are still checking with businesses in and around the downtown area to see if there is any more video of friday night that may show hannah 's movements , " said captain gary pleasants with the charlottesville police department .
