kyo — the university of tokyo and kyoto university said friday they have succeeded in creating human ear cartilage from ips cells . newline_char the researchers at the two state-run universities cultured human induced pluripotent stem cells into cartilage cells , which were then made into numerous tiny balls . newline_char induced pluripotent stem cells could grow into various human tissues and they are considered promising in the field of regenerative medicine . newline_char using three such tubes , the researchers shaped a human ear and implanted it onto the back of a rat . newline_char © kyodo  newline_char the university of tokyo released photos of a rat with cartilage in the shape of a human ear implanted on its back . story_separator_special_tag scientists from the university of california , san francisco are on a mission to create a sophisticated artificial kidney device made with human kidney cells , silicon nanofilters and powered by blood pressure . newline_char in 2011 , a research team from cornell university bioengineered implants using gel and collagen seeded with rat cells that were then newline_char in 2011 , cornell biological and environmental engineering assistant professor john march began collaborating with pittsburgh-based pediatric surgeon david hackam on a small artificial intestine using collagen and stem cells . newline_char then last year in switzerland , epfl professor martin gijs led a project in the laboratory of microsystems to create a miniature intestinal wall from cultured epithelial cells and electronics called nutrichip to identify foods that cause inflammation . newline_char currently around 600,000 patients in the u.s. have chronic kidney failure . newline_char scientists at harvard ’ s wyss institute also made a “ gut-on-a chip ” to mimic the real thing using intestinal cells in a tiny silicon polymer device . newline_char most rely on dialysis while a fraction of them actually get transplants . newline_char little by little , bioengineered intestines are being grown in the lab to diagnose digestive disorders and to help patients born without a piece of intestine .
