ese crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . newline_char crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . newline_char that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page 's authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web . story_separator_special_tag ( file photo , orange county register/scng ) parham ’ s letter , apologizing to “ those who felt ignored or mistreated , ” comes two days after uci ’ s student government association sent a letter and a petition demanding that administrators apologize , reimburse all students whose admission status has been revoked and guarantee them admission to uci following two years at a community college . newline_char this year , uci withdrew 499 admissions : 299 were transcript related , with 185 students appealing ; another 209 were grade-related , with 110 appeals , uci spokesman tom vasich said friday . newline_char ( file photo , orange county register/scng ) a goup of high school students and their parents take a tour of the uci campus . newline_char uci received more than 104,000 applications newline_char ( photo by ana venegas , orange county register/scng ) uci campus buildings sprawl around aldrich park , center in this august 5 , 2010 aerial photo . newline_char the science library at uci . newline_char as of friday , 63 students who appealed were reinstated , vasich said . newline_char as with other colleges and universities , admission is considered provisional until final transcripts are submitted by a deadline , and a determination is made that there are no discrepancies between the grades and courses on the application and those on the official final transcript .
