chive-it partner 1067 : the political tv ad archive , a project of the internet archive , collects political tv ads and social media sites in key 2016 primary election states , unlocking the metadata underneath and highlighting quality journalism to provide journalists , civic organizations , academics , and the general public with reliable information on who is trying to influence them & how . story_separator_special_tag see more of brooke francev on facebook  story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag chase middle school student – identified as austin lacey , 13 , in a ktla report – and his mother said they were surprised by the reaction of school officials . newline_char uncredited , uncredited ap related article » a menifee middle school student wearing an elsa costume to a school spirit day was ordered to remove his gown and wig by school officials who said it was causing a disruption . newline_char chase middle school in menifee was told to remove the elsa costume he wore for a disney-themed school spirit day thursday because it was causing a disruption . newline_char the incident occurred before school thursday in one of the school ’ s quad areas and involved a large number of students , many snapping pictures , on a day they were encouraged to dress up as disney characters , according to romoland school district superintendent julie vitale . newline_char menifee : boy ordered to remove elsa ‘ frozen ’ costume share pin it more galleries this image released by disney shows a teenage elsa the snow queen in a scene from the animated feature " frozen . newline_char “ i like to go all out. story_separator_special_tag but , the school principal apparently felt it was inappropriate and told him to take off the costume . newline_char please enable javascript to watch this video students at ethan chase middle school in menifee were encouraged to wear disney costumes for spirit day on thursday . newline_char the principal 's action was based upon the need to stop a general disruption to the school environment , " vitale stated . newline_char a statement from romoland school district superintendent dr. newline_char austin lacey , 13 , chose to dress as elsa from the movie " frozen .
