vernment requests directed to google and youtube like other technology and communications companies , we regularly receive requests from government agencies around the world to remove content from our services , or provide information about users of our services and products . story_separator_special_tag google 's disclosure tool , an online country map , excluded data for china where google says numerating the requests would be illegal . newline_char google is also showing how often it complies with government demands to remove web content and said it later plans to include how often it turns over data on users . newline_char google also disclosed how many government requests it gets to remove content from its search engine , youtube video site , blogger blogging software and other services . newline_char google 's move comes as its critics continue to accuse the company and its peers of being reckless with user data . newline_char moved to highlight the issue of government censorship and demands for information about web users , just as the internet company came under fire from a group of government officials over the way it handles user privacy . newline_char a google spokesman said the company " released the tool now because we thought it would be useful in conversations about this trend . newline_char " we hope this tool will shine some light on the scale and scope of government requests for censorship and data around the globe , " he wrote in a blog post . newline_char david drummond , google 's chief legal officer , said the company decided that " greater transparency " about its activities could lead to less censorship . newline_char the silicon valley giant tuesday disclosed for the first time the number of requests it has received from government agencies for data about its users . newline_char jessica vascellaro and julia angwin talk to simon constable about the letter issued by 10 countries demanding that google build more privacy protections into its services .
