e fbi joint terrorism task force said it is investigating 27-year-old daniel morley after police in the small town of topsfield , massachusetts found a cache of weapons and bomb-making materials in his home on june 9 . newline_char according to a police affidavit dated june 19 , morley told his mother that his best friend had bragged about knowing tamerlan tsarnaev , one of the two chechen brothers suspected of detonating pressure-cooker bombs at the boston marathon finish line on april 15 . newline_char no one else has been charged in the topsfield case  newline_char boston ( reuters ) - a boston-area man accused of threatening to blow up an airplane allegedly had all the materials needed to build a pressure-cooker bomb before this kind of weapon was used in the boston marathon attack in april , according to comments made by the man ’ s mother in a recently unsealed police affidavit . story_separator_special_tag a topsfield man was arrested on bomb scare charges early sunday morning , june 9 after a domestic disturbance call led the police to his washington street home where they found a pressure cooker in his possession . newline_char once stop confirmed that the device was non-explosive , custody of morley was returned to the topsfield police . newline_char police say daniel p. newline_char update : topsfield man arrested after bomb scare ; pressure cooker found in home . newline_char police were initially called to the residence at 2:46 a.m. on sunday morning when family members reported that morley assaulted and threatened them . newline_char police then found the pressure cooker , which is when they called the stop team . newline_char morley , 27 , made threats that the pressure cooker was explosive , which led them to call in the state police special tactical operations ( stop ) team . newline_char topsfield police chief evan haglund said that the device was ultimately found to be non-explosive . newline_char topsfield police sent out a nixle alert to subscribing residents at 7:36
