e new version of its chicken noodle soup contains 20 ingredients , most of which can be found in the average home kitchen , compared with 30 in its previous incarnation ( sold last year in cans featuring the avengers ) . newline_char morrison ’ s leadership , which began in 2011 , campbell has moved quickly to address changing trends in food and to try to stanch the gradual decline in unit sales , a measurement of the number of cans of soup sold . newline_char — food companies tinker with the signature products in their portfolios at their own risk — and few products are as classic as campbell ’ s chicken noodle soup . newline_char now , campbell soup is altering its famous broth . newline_char “ before , when we talked about our business , we talked about  newline_char under ms. newline_char photo advertisement continue reading the main story camden , n.j. story_separator_special_tag earlier , we reported that campbell was tinkering with the recipe for its chicken noodle soup in the red-and-white cans . newline_char update : campbell 's is rethinking its chicken soup recipe campbell soup is changing the recipe of one of its chicken soups , but says it is n't quite ready to tinker with its classic chicken noodle version . newline_char our earlier post continues : campbell eliminated 13 ingredients , including a number of flavoring chemicals , such as monosodium glutamate ( msg ) , but also left out celery and onions , the new york times reports . newline_char calls to campbell soup 's newline_char npr 's allison aubrey contacted the company , which clarified that it is changing the ingredient list of the healthy kids shaped pasta with chicken in chicken broth — in cans with star wars- and frozen-themed labels . newline_char " this is the first step in our journey and we are currently working on a number of our recipes , but it 's too soon to give any definite timing on when changes may be made to the classic red & white chicken noodle soup , " spokeswoman anna burr says .
