rusalem ( cnn ) a jewish teenager was arrested thursday in connection with a series of bomb threats that have rattled jewish institutions and community centers across the united states and other countries , israeli police said . newline_char the suspect holds dual american-israeli citizenship , an israeli security official told cnn . newline_char he was arrested in southern israel after an undercover investigation with the fbi . newline_char a months-long international investigation led to the 19-year-old suspect , who used " advanced camouflage technologies " to cover his tracks , police spokesman micky rosenfeld said . newline_char israeli police are still trying to determine the teen suspect 's motive . newline_char law enforcement officials have told cnn they believed many of the threatening calls to jewish community centers originated overseas . story_separator_special_tag an intensive investigation spanning multiple countries culminated on thursday in the arrest of the 18-year-old suspect , who holds dual israeli and american citizenship , and his father . newline_char the person responsible for many of the threats , law enforcement officials said , was half a world away , in israel , a jewish teenager . story_separator_special_tag skip - israeli police arrest teen for 'hundreds ' of bomb threats against jewish centers worldwide israeli police arrest teen for 'hundreds ' of bomb threats against jewish centers worldwide haaretz the suspect has lived in israel many years . newline_char > get all updates on israel and the jewish world : download our free app , and subscribe > > the suspect ’ s father was also arrested , and a judge ordered both of them to remain in custody for eight additional days . newline_char a 19-year-old jewish resident of israel with both american and israeli citizenship is suspected of being behind a host of fake bomb threats directed at jewish institutions and other targets worldwide . newline_char the army refused to draft him after finding him unfit for service
