ese crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . newline_char crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . newline_char that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page 's authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web . story_separator_special_tag read more : researchers discover remains of sunken swedish warship the ship contained silver treasure researchers had previously discovered silver treasure among the mars wreckage . newline_char cannons , hand grenades , and up to a thousand soldiers were on board the large swedish warship when it exploded in the baltic sea , 454 years ago . newline_char the ship , known as mars , belonged to the swedish navy and was one of northern europe ’ s largest and most feared naval vessels used in the northern seven years ’ war . newline_char the remains were discovered at the bottom of the baltic sea in 2011 , near to the swedish island of öland . newline_char this time , one of the most spectacular finds was a large grapnel ( grappling hook ) an anchor-like hook , which hung from the bowsprits of warships and was used to cling onto another ships in order to board it . newline_char the mars warship was carrying hundreds of soldiers when it exploded in the baltic sea in 1564 during the northern seven years ’ war . newline_char “ this year , we have come closer to the people aboard . newline_char , ” he says newline_char that is comparable to the population of an entire medium-sized town at the time . newline_char “ it ’ s totally unique . newline_char the latest discoveries from the wreckage were revealed during a press conference in öland .
