e proposal , unveiled thursday , eliminates the adoption tax credit , which exists to help reduce financial barriers to adoption . newline_char the credit essentially helps subsidize costs — sometimes in the tens of thousands for private or international adoptions — for agency and attorney fees , travel , and post-adoption services , such as retrofitting a home for a child with special needs . newline_char but adoption advocates had been bracing for the end of this credit . newline_char ” that sentiment , apparently , did not translate into the house gop ’ s tax overhaul bill . newline_char in december , house ways and means chair kevin brady ( r-tx ) , one of the architects of the tax overhaul  newline_char “ we must continue to remove barriers to adoption whenever we can , ” president donald trump wrote in a proclamation to declare november national adoption month , “ so that the love and care of prospective adoptive parents can be directed to children waiting for their permanent homes. story_separator_special_tag you can patiently and faithfully care for a birth mother , and she can exercise her proper and unquestioned right to keep the baby . newline_char to meet an adoptive family is to meet a family with a story — one that often involves prevailing in the face of adversity and almost always involves financial strains that few other families understand . story_separator_special_tag the house republican tax bill is drawing fire from the right because of a provision that would completely eliminate a tax credit for adoptive parents . newline_char the house ’ s chief tax writer has defended the removal of the credit , but it could pose yet another hazard to overcome as the bill moves forward . newline_char religious groups , as well as house and senate conservatives , say that by eliminating the credit , the proposal goes against the gop ’ s “ pro-life ” platform . newline_char congress must remember this as we work through the details of tax reform in the coming weeks , ” sen. newline_char ) tweeted
