particularly dangerous type of cre bacteria is on the rise in the u.s. newline_char this superbug 's strains belong to the family of bacteria known as cre , which are difficult to treat because they are often resistant to most antibiotics . newline_char health officials have called cre among the country 's  story_separator_special_tag meghan lyman , md1,2 ; maroya walters , phd2 ; david lonsway , mmsc2 ; kamile rasheed , phd2 ; brandi limbago , phd2 ; alexander kallen , md2 carbapenem-resistant enterobacteriaceae ( cre ) are bacteria that are often resistant to most classes of antibiotics and cause health care–associated infections with high mortality rates ( 1 ) . newline_char among cre , strains that carry plasmid-encoded carbapenemase enzymes that inactivate carbapenem antibiotics are of greatest public health concern because of their potential for rapid global dissemination , as evidenced by  story_separator_special_tag oxa-48-type carbapenem-hydrolysing class d β-lactamases are increasingly reported in enterobacterial species . newline_char they differ by a few amino acid substitutions or deletions ( one to five amino acids ) . newline_char the bla ( oxa-48 ) -type genes are always plasmid-borne and  story_separator_special_tag a new report released on thursday said that in the past five years , researchers have identified 43 patients in the united states who became sick with infections from one type of cre . newline_char health experts are keeping a close eye on a type of antibiotic-resistant bacteria called cre that , while still rare , has the potential to become more widespread in the united states . newline_char this type of bug includes some strains of escherichia coli and other bacteria . newline_char this image shows two rod-shaped bacteria called klebsiella pneumoniae that are resistant to treatment with the antibiotic drug called carbapenem . newline_char in this image , the mustard-colored bacteria are interacting with the green-colored human white blood cell . newline_char ( the name is an abbreviation
