oxford university press—which publishes both the august oxford english dictionary and the lower-brow , more-modern oxford dictionaries online—partnered with keyboard-app company swiftkey to determine which emoji was getting the most play this past year . newline_char the flag their editors are planting to sum up who we were in 2015 is this pictograph , an acknowledgement of just how popular these pictures have become in our ( digital ) daily lives : “ although emoji have been a staple of texting teens for some time , emoji culture exploded into the global mainstream over the past year , ” the company ’ s team wrote in a press release . newline_char “ emoji have come to embody a core aspect of living in a digital world that is visually driven , emotionally expressive , and obsessively immediate. newline_char the runner-up in the u.s. newline_char oxford dictionaries made history on monday by announcing that their “ word of the year ” would not be one of those old-fashioned , string-of-letters-type words at all . story_separator_special_tag instead , oxford dictionaries chose an emoji whose verbal description is “ face with tears of joy. newline_char ” to determine which emoji would be named “ word ” of the year newline_char “ they can serve as insightful windows through which to view our cultural preoccupations , so it seemed appropriate to reflect this emoji obsession by selecting one as this year ’ s ‘ word ’ of the year. newline_char every year since 2004 , oxford dictionaries has selected an official word of the year which , according to its monday press release is “ a word or expression chosen to reflect the passing year in language. newline_char as a result emoji are becoming an increasingly rich form of communication , one that transcends linguistic borders , ” he added . newline_char ” “ you can see how traditional alphabet scripts have been struggling to meet the rapid-fire , visually focused demands of 21st century communication , ” casper grathwohl , president of oxford dictionaries , is quoted as saying in the release .
