 a blockbuster grand jury decision , peter liang will face criminal charges that can send him to prison for up to 15 years for the death of akai gurley on nov. newline_char a source said liang , 27 , was indicted for a top count second-degree manslaughter , which means he acted recklessly . newline_char a rookie cop who shot and killed an unarmed brooklyn man in an unlit housing project staircase was indicted for manslaughter tuesday , the daily news has learned . story_separator_special_tag view full caption dnainfo/trevor kapp and explore talent brooklyn — the rookie nypd officer who fatally shot an unarmed man inside a pink houses stairwell in november has been indicted by a brooklyn grand jury . newline_char akai gurley , 28 , was unarmed when police fatally shot him thursday night . newline_char officer peter liang has been charged with manslaughter in the second degree for his role in the nov. newline_char police commissioner bill bratton said liang 's gun was " accidentally discharged " and called gurley a " total innocent . newline_char 20 shooting death of akai gurley , 28 , who was visiting his girlfriend inside 2724 linden boulevard when he was killed in a pitch-black stairwell , according to sources . story_separator_special_tag a new york city police officer was indicted tuesday on multiple charges , including manslaughter , in the november shooting death of an unarmed black man in the darkened stairwell of a housing project , a senior law-enforcement official said . story_separator_special_tag photo advertisement continue reading the main story the brooklyn district attorney said on friday that he planned to impanel a grand jury to look into the death of akai gurley , an unarmed brooklyn man who was killed last month by a police officer patrolling a public-housing unit . newline_char the officers in the garner and brown cases are white ; the officer who shot mr. newline_char gurley was black , as were mr. newline_char gurley , peter liang , is asian-american .
