shington ( ap ) — three days after voters registered their sourness about the u.s. economy , the government said friday that employers added a solid 214,000 jobs in october , extending the healthiest pace of hiring in eight years . newline_char the burst of hiring lowered the unemployment rate to 5.8 percent from 5.9 percent . newline_char nearly 60 percent of voters said they thought the economy was stagnating or worsening . newline_char along with the job gains , economic growth has accelerated this year . newline_char analysts say the economic expansion remains strong enough to support the current pace of hiring . newline_char yet despite the improvement , voters identified economic anxiety as their top concern in tuesday 's elections . newline_char adjusted for inflation , average hourly pay rose just 0.3 percent over the 12 months that ended in september , according to government data . newline_char employers have now added at least 200,000 jobs for nine straight months , the longest such stretch since 1995 . newline_char ( associated press ) the labor department also said 31,000 more jobs were added in august and september than it had previously estimated . newline_char at the same time , better hiring and growth have barely boosted paychecks for the vast majority of earners . newline_char average income grew 10 percent from 2010 through 2013 for the wealthiest one-tenth of americans , after adjusting for inflation , according to the fed . newline_char over the past six months , the economy  newline_char only one-third saw it as improving . newline_char for everyone else , incomes stagnated or declined . story_separator_special_tag the economy added 214,000 jobs in october , below the 233,000 estimate that economists polled by the wall street journal had expected . newline_char now that we ’ re done , feel free to weigh in yourself via the comments section . newline_char here at moneybeat hq , we crunched the numbers , tracked the markets and compiled the commentary before and after the data crossed the wires .
