are share tweet link more than 80 per cent of children in the melbourne trial were cured of their peanut allergy . newline_char a breakthrough melbourne-made treatment that is providing a long-term cure for children with a deadly peanut allergy may soon be widely available . newline_char " these children have been eating peanut freely in their diet without having to follow any particular program of peanut intake in the years after treatment was completed , " said lead researcher professor mimi tang . newline_char the experimental peanut-probiotic treatment led to 82 per cent of children who participated successfully being able to eat peanuts . newline_char now , four years later , 80 per cent of those cured children are still eating peanuts . newline_char " the treatment combines a small amount of peanut flour with a very high dose of the probiotic lactobacillus rhamnosus​ . story_separator_special_tag new research from the murdoch children 's research institute may have found a cure for peanut allergies . story_separator_special_tag my severe nut allergy read more “ these children had been eating peanut freely in their diet without having to follow any particular program of peanut intake in the years after treatment was completed , ” said the lead researcher , prof mimi tang . newline_char a small clinical trial conducted at the murdoch children ’ s research institute has led to two-thirds of children treated with an experimental immunotherapy treatment being cured of their allergy . newline_char australian researchers hail breakthrough after ‘ life-changing ’ tolerance persists for up to four years australian researchers have made a breakthrough in the treatment of peanut allergy in children . newline_char to combat this tang , an immunologist and allergist , pioneered a new form of treatment that combines a probiotic with peanut oral immunotherapy , known as ppoit . newline_char peanut allergy is the most common cause of anaphylaxis , a life-threatening allergic reaction , and one of the most common causes of death from food allergy .
