e seed for wide00014 was : - slash pages from every domain on the web : -- a ranking of all urls that have more than one incoming inter-domain link ( rank was determined by number of incoming links using wide00012 inter domain links ) -- up to a maximum of 100 most highly ranked urls per domain - top ranked pages ( up to a max of 100 ) from every linked-to domain using the wide00012 inter-domain navigational link graph  story_separator_special_tag hostess ' nearly 18,500 workers will lose their jobs as the company shuts 33 bakeries and 565 distribution centers nationwide , as well as 570 outlet stores . newline_char frank hurt , president of the bakers ' union , called the liquidation " a deep disappointment " but said his members were n't the ones responsible , blaming the various management teams in place at hostess over the past eight years for failing to turn the firm around . newline_char hostess brands -- the maker of such iconic baked goods as twinkies , drake 's devil dogs and wonder bread -- announced friday that it is asking a federal bankruptcy court for permission to close its operations , blaming a strike by bakers protesting a new contract imposed on them . newline_char related : hostess workers face tough job market " it 's been a very sad day , " rayburn told cnn . newline_char hostess will move to sell its assets to the highest bidder . newline_char " hostess filed for bankruptcy in january , its second trip to bankruptcy court since 2004 . newline_char the bakery , confectionery , tobacco workers and grain millers international union represents about 5,000 hostess employees . newline_char but even if those brands are bought and restarted , the hostess workers will not get their jobs back . newline_char a letter that hostess sent to its network of stores that carry its product said it expects " there will be great interest in our brands . newline_char " but it said it could not give a time frame for when the sales would take place and when its products would be available again .
