 have sent you a verification email . newline_char please check your email and click on the link to activate your profile . newline_char if you do not receive the verification message within a few minutes of signing up , please check your spam or junk folder . story_separator_special_tag chick-fil-a president dan cathy sparked controversy last july when he weighed in on same-sex marriage , telling the baptist press , " we are very much supportive of the family -- the biblical definition of the family unit . newline_char must watch blocking construction of chick-fil-a 02:51 gay rights groups were most incensed about the chain 's financial support for what they called anti-gay groups . newline_char story highlights campus pride says it received philanthropic foundation 's tax forms winshape foundation quit funding some controversial groups in 2011 , official says chick-fil-a president sparked debate last year with comments on same-sex marriage campus pride 's leader says he 's developed relationship with chick-fil-a chief chick-fil-a restaurants ' philanthropic winshape foundation no longer funds the most controversial and politically charged anti-same-sex-marriage groups and has not since 2011 , according to campus pride , a leading national lgbt campus organization . newline_char many who agreed with cathy took the opportunity to share their beliefs on august 1 , dubbed " chick-fil-a appreciation day " by newline_char must watch chick-fil-a caught in firestorm 04:28 just watched blocking construction of chick-fil-a replay more videos ... newline_char must watch campus pride suspends chick-fil-a protest 04:47 just watched chick-fil-a caught in firestorm replay more videos ... newline_char : focused on the family 01:00 just watched campus pride suspends chick-fil-a protest replay more videos ... newline_char campus pride issued a statement monday claiming that chick-fil-a gave the organization 's executive director , shane windmeyer , access to winshape 's 2011 " 990 " tax documents . newline_char the ensuing debate included politicians from chicago mayor rahm emanuel to former gop presidential candidate rick santorum .
