is unique art supply storage box launched earlier this month exclusively at gump 's of san francisco , faber-castell stores , karl lagerfeld boutiques worldwide and harrods , london . newline_char designed by lagerfeld , the elegant black box holds 350 faber-castell art tools for drawing and painting . newline_char so what do you get when you combine karl lagerfeld ’ s modern and innovative spirit with faber-castell ’ s reputation in crafting fine art and graphic products ? newline_char not so incidentally , the shades of colors included were personally selected by lagerfeld to represent his aesthetic and the relationship between fashion ,  newline_char its wood exterior resembles a chinese wedding cabinet , while inside well-crafted removable drawers store the art supplies . newline_char later this month the karlbox will be available at select department and specialty stores . story_separator_special_tag the karlbox unites the traditional values of the family-owned company faber-castell with the modern , unique and innovative spirit and style of karl lagerfeld . newline_char it is a symbol for the long term relationship of both brands and represents the symbiosis of the fashion , art and design worlds . newline_char the karlbox is a limited edition of 2.500 pieces worldwide . story_separator_special_tag case in point is karl lagerfeld , who today announced he has teamed up with faber-castell to create a brand-spanking-new set of fine artist tools . newline_char far from your average store-bought crayola  story_separator_special_tag at the museum of modern art ’ s newly-renovated design store , the karlbox , as it ’ s called , contains 350 pieces of drawing paraphernalia : pencils , markers , charcoals , and watercolor brushes , all perfectly color-sorted . newline_char the black lacquered cabinet is stamped with the distinctive pony-tailed profile of its creator : karl lagerfeld , creative director of chanel and fendi . newline_char ( faber-castell ) ( faber-castell ) moma tells quartz that there ’ s already a wait list for the
