ap ) — authorities on wednesday were searching for an inmate they believe has made his second escape from a maximum-security south carolina prison . newline_char the pair eluded authorities for three days before being apprehended at a motel along busy interstate 95 , not far from the prison from which causey escaped on wednesday . newline_char he and another inmate , convicted murderer johnny brewer , escaped broad river correctional institution in columbia in 2005 by hiding in a trash truck . newline_char causey , 46 , was sentenced to life in prison in 2004 after he was convicted of holding columbia attorney jack swerling and his family at gunpoint in their home . newline_char in december , another inmate serving a life sentence escaped from a different maximum-security prison in south carolina . newline_char both men were returned to prison . newline_char officers began searching just before 2 p.m. wednesday for jimmy causey , an inmate at lieber correctional institution , about 90 miles ( 149 km ) southeast of columbia , according to sommer sharpe , spokeswoman for the department of corrections . newline_char no other details have been released . newline_char he was first incarcerated in state prison in 1992 on charges including grand larceny , according to online records . newline_char causey , 46 , has now escaped from two different prisons in a dozen years . story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . newline_char crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . newline_char that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page 's authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
