rmer acting us attorney general sally yates has been testifying to a senate judiciary subcommittee hearing about her knowledge of contacts between team trump and russia . story_separator_special_tag in her long-awaited first public accounting of her dealings with the trump administration , yates testified that she explicitly warned white house counsel donald mcgahn in january that former national security adviser michael flynn  newline_char washington ( cnn ) sally yates did n't bring a smoking gun to the latest episode of the long-running political melodrama entwining the white house and russia . newline_char but in a senate hearing on monday , the former acting attorney general produced just enough fresh intrigue to offer democrats a new opening in the war of attrition they are waging against donald trump 's presidency . story_separator_special_tag former acting attorney general sally yates testified to a senate judiciary committee panel on monday in one of the most hotly anticipated hearings of the trump era to date . newline_char yates ’ s testimony was a huge media event , commanding hours of live cable news coverage . story_separator_special_tag | john shinkle/politico key moments from sally yates ' flynn testimony former acting attorney general sally yates broke her silence monday , detailing her role in the ousting of former national security adviser michael flynn . newline_char former director of national intelligence james clapper and former acting attorney general general sally yates appear before the senate subcommittee on crime and terrorism on may 8 . newline_char her testimony , before the senate judiciary subcommittee on crime and terrorism , came amid a series of investigations into russia ’ s meddling in the 2016 presidential election and possible collusion between donald trump 's  story_separator_special_tag yates appears to have been less so to mr. newline_char yates told the senate judiciary subcommittee . newline_char trump kept the general on as national security adviser for another two weeks , firing him only after the washington post found out about the warnings .
