tory_separator_special_tag the seed for wide00014 was : - slash pages from every domain on the web : -- a ranking of all urls that have more than one incoming inter-domain link ( rank was determined by number of incoming links using wide00012 inter domain links ) -- up to a maximum of 100 most highly ranked urls per domain - top ranked pages ( up to a max of 100 ) from every linked-to domain using the wide00012 inter-domain navigational link graph  story_separator_special_tag natalie portman married benjamin millepied in big sur over the weekend in an intimate ceremony in front of 100 guests including ivanka trump and macaulay culkin . newline_char if culkin ’ s presence wasn ’ t odd enough , the absence of natalie ’ s “ black swan ” co-star , mila kunis , was even weirder . newline_char it was a small wedding so it wouldn ’ t be the biggest deal if mila wasn ’ t invited but she and natalie struck up a pretty strong friendship during the movie that made the women oscar nominees . newline_char did natalie have to make a choice between friends ? newline_char did mila opt out of the ceremony because of culkin ’ s recent drug allegations ? newline_char and natalie and benjamin met on the set of “ black swan ” which makes the co-stars ’ bond even more special regarding the wedding . newline_char i have to think mila found out culkin was showing up and decided it was best for all if she got out of dodge . story_separator_special_tag a select group of celebrity guests included diane sawyer and her husband , mike nichols ( who directed natalie in closer ) , ivanka trump , macaulay culkin , rashida jones and rodarte designers kate and laura mulleavy . newline_char in touch can reveal that natalie walked down the aisle in a stunningly simple rodarte gown — a tea-length cocktail number with sheer , full-length sleeves . newline_char after three years , one baby and an academy award , black swan co-stars natalie portman and benjamin millepied tied the knot in big sur , calif. newline_char , on august 4 .
