age copyright reuters image caption some 20,000 people died during croatia 's war of independence the international court of justice has rejected claims of genocide by serbia and croatia against each other during the croatian war of secession from yugoslavia . newline_char the croatian government had alleged that serbia committed genocide in the town of vukovar and elsewhere in 1991 . newline_char analysis : guy delauney , bbc belgrade the international court of justice has delivered the result that most people here were expecting , with both genocide suits dismissed in their entirety . newline_char speaking in court on tuesday , judge peter tomka dismissed both the croatian claim and the serbian counter-claim . newline_char however , neither side had provided sufficient evidence to demonstrate the " specific intent required for acts of genocide " . newline_char the court 's ruling was posted online . newline_char the only  newline_char tens of thousands of ethnic croats were displaced , and about 260 croat men were detained and killed . story_separator_special_tag euters/jerry lampen the hague the united nations ' highest court will rule on tuesday on genocide cases filed by serbia and croatia over atrocities allegedly committed during the violent breakup of yugoslavia in the 1990s . newline_char the countries filed complaints against each other at the international court of justice ( icj ) , which could award financial compensation if it finds either side violated the 1948 genocide convention . newline_char the u.n. tribunal for the former yugoslavia , which is also in the hague , has long since ruled that genocide was committed in bosnia , where more newline_char " the strongest arguments they have to say they are justifying their wars is that they were defending their citizens against genocide , " he added . newline_char the cases , filed 16 years ago , are part of the long legal fall-out from the break-up of yugoslavia into seven states in wars that lasted eight years and left more than 100,000 dead in europe 's worst conflagration since world war two .
