uisiana prison officials have looked into illegally obtaining a lethal-injection drug from an oklahoma pharmacy for the feb. newline_char the tulsa-based compounding lab , called the apothecary shoppe , is not listed in the state pharmacy board ’ s online database of suppliers licensed to provide drugs to any pharmacy in louisiana . newline_char that would make the sale of pentobarbital from that business to the louisiana state penitentiary pharmacy an illegal transaction under state law . story_separator_special_tag us death penalty states face a deepening crisis in their struggle to procure medical drugs for use in lethal injections , with new evidence that the increasingly random methods being used are subjecting condemned prisoners to prolonged and possibly excruciating deaths . newline_char a study of texas department of criminal justice records and eyewitness media reports mainly from the associated press shows a notable lengthening of the death process following the switch in july 2012 from the conventional three-drug cocktail to a single drug , pentobarbital . newline_char ten executions prior to the change took on average 10 minutes to complete , ranging from nine to 11 minutes between the administration of the lethal injection and the declaration of death . story_separator_special_tag louis ( ap ) — with lethal-injection drugs in short supply and new questions looming about their effectiveness , lawmakers in some death penalty states are considering bringing back relics of a more gruesome past : firing squads , electrocutions and gas chambers . newline_char ( associated press ) file - in this june 18 , 2010 , file photo , the firing squad execution chamber at the utah state prison in draper , utah , is shown . newline_char with lethal-injection drugs in short supply and new questions looming about ... newline_char with lethal-injection drugs in ... newline_char with lethal-injection drugs in short supply and ... newline_char st. newline_char file - this undated file photo provided by the virginia department of corrections shows an electric chair which virginia provides as an alternative to lethal injection .
