age caption the convoy carrying un chemical weapons inspectors to the sites was targeted by snipers diplomatic pressure on syria has failed and the uk is considering its response to a suspected chemical attack , foreign secretary william hague says . story_separator_special_tag washington/beirut the united states put syrian president bashar al-assad on notice on monday that it believes he was responsible for using chemical weapons against civilians last week in what secretary of state john kerry called a " moral obscenity . story_separator_special_tag story highlights strikes could be just one chapter in a long war , analyst says u.n. inspectors visit scene of reported poison gas attack kerry 's remarks indicate a strike is likely , expert says a vehicle used by u.n. inspectors was shot at multiple times , u.n. says u.n. experts got to inspect the site of a reported chemical attack on civilians near syria 's capital monday as the united states accused the syrian government of trying to cover up the attack  story_separator_special_tag syria agreed sunday to a u.n. investigation into last week 's alleged chemical weapons attack outside damascus _ a deal a senior white house official dismissed as " too late to be credible , " saying the united states has " very little doubt " president bashar assad 's forces used such weapons . story_separator_special_tag media playback is unsupported on your device media caption the bbc 's yolande knell : " the un has always said the safety of its team is paramount " unidentified snipers have opened fire on a convoy of un experts investigating suspected chemical weapons attacks in syria 's capital , the un has said . story_separator_special_tag the governing christian democrats ( cdu ) of chancellor angela merkel insisted that germany was pressing on in pursuit of a diplomatic solution , but suggested for the first time that it might support an international military response if it is proved that syrian government troops used chemical weapons to attack its opponents .
