year after the sessions ceased , the patients who had received a full dose of lsd — 200 micrograms — experienced a 20 percent improvement in their anxiety levels . newline_char " these periods of distress are regarded as therapeutically valuable because they allow patients to address their memories and the emotions they evoke . newline_char swiss scientists broke a four-decade-long informal ban on lsd research yesterday when they announced the results of a study in which cancer patients received the drug to curb their anxiety about death . newline_char the patients who took lsd , most of whom were terminally ill , experienced 10-hour-long supervised " trips . newline_char the researchers used the semisynthetic psychedelic drug to facilitate discussions about the cancer patients ' fears of dying . newline_char the patients underwent 30 such trips over the course of two months . newline_char " we want to break  story_separator_special_tag username or email : password : remember me forgot password ? newline_char lsd psychedelic psycholytic therapy hallucinogen anxiety disorder search for similar articles you may search for similar articles that contain these same keywords or you may newline_char email : password sent link to reset your password has been sent to specified email address . newline_char an email with instructions to reset your password will be sent to that address . newline_char to protect your most sensitive data and activities ( like changing your password ) , we 'll ask you to re-enter your password when you access these services . newline_char login with your lww journals username and password . newline_char login login with your lww journals username and password . newline_char forgot your password ? newline_char export to . newline_char you 'll get easier access to your articles , collections , media , and all your other content , even if you close your browser or shut down your computer . newline_char if you 're using a public computer or you share this computer with others , we recommend that you uncheck the " remember me " box .
