 newline_char this is partly a function of being a woman who would , if she had her way , please and comfort her entire universe of acquaintances , and partly a function of having been convinced at a relatively young age by the argument that janet malcolm famously made in the journalist and the murderer : “ every journalist who is not too stupid or full of himself to notice what is going on knows that what he does is morally indefensible. story_separator_special_tag in not afraid of life , bristol gives readers an intimate behind-the-scenes look at her life for the first time , from growing up in alaska to coming of age amid the media and political frenzy surrounding her mother ’ s political rise ; from becoming a single mother while still a teenager to coping as her relationship with her baby ’ s father crumbled publicly—not once , but twice . newline_char when her mother became the republican vice-presidential candidate in 2008 , bristol palin was instantly propelled into the national spotlight , becoming the focus of intense public and national media scrutiny at the age of seventeen . newline_char product description the oldest daughter of sarah palin and single mother goes beyond the headlines , offering readers an inside look at her life , her world , and the things that matter most , including her family and the faith that keeps her centered . newline_char bristol talks about the highs and lows of her appearance on abc-tv ’ s dancing with the stars , including the aching hours of practice , the biting criticisms , and the thrill of getting to the show ’ s finals . newline_char plainspoken and disarmingly down to earth , bristol offers new insight and understanding of who she is and what she values most . story_separator_special_tag bristol palin , 20 , set to release memoir in a morning radio interview in january , bristol divulged she has a new beau and is " thrilled . newline_char bristol became pregnant at 17 , and at 20 , is now a single mother to her son . newline_char " i love the town that i live in , " bristol said . newline_char he 's healthy .
