esident obama and mitt romney share a laugh at the 67th annual alfred e. newline_char mario tama/getty images p resident obama and gop challenger mitt romney set aside their hard-hitting presidential race for a few hours on thursday night to break bread at the 67th annual alfred e. newline_char ) here are some of their best one-liners : introductions : romney  newline_char both candidates landed some good punchlines , poking fun at each other , themselves , and ( of course ) vice president joe biden . newline_char " it 's traditional for both major party candidates to attend the benefit , perform a short stand-up routine , then pretend it is n't awkward to have dinner together during the most heated time in the campaign , " says margaret hartmann at new york . story_separator_special_tag smith dinner , the catholic archdiocese of new york ’ s annual charity benefit that every four years hosts the presidential candidates for a lighthearted break from the grueling campaign. newline_char new york — two nights after one of the most contentious debates in modern presidential history , president obama and mitt romney put aside their political differences on thursday night to trade jokes and playfully roast each other . newline_char ” romney , sitting with his wife ann a couple seats down on the dais at the waldorf-astoria hotel , laughed . newline_char “ this is the third time that governor romney and i have met recently , ” obama said . newline_char dressed in white tie at a glittering dinner in midtown manhattan , the two men delivered speeches at the alfred e. story_separator_special_tag president obama and mitt romney finally found something they could agree on during thursday night ’ s 67th annual al smith white-tie charity dinner : jokes about vice president joseph r. newline_char romney said : “ i heard from the federal election commission : from now on , whenever he appears on tv , there ’ s a recording of me afterward that says , ‘ i ’ m mitt romney and i approve this message. newline_char biden ’ s animated debate performance , mr.
