the paper is one of britain 's sauciest and most storied tabloids , and was a key building block in the global media empire created by news corp. newline_char news of the world became the u.k. newline_char says it will close its 168-year-old u.k. tabloid news of the world , a dramatic bid to cap a scandal centered on the paper 's controversial reporting tactics in pursuit of racy scoops . newline_char says it will close its 168-year-old u.k. tabloid news of the world , a dramatic bid to cap a scandal centered on the paper 's controversial reporting tactics in pursuit of racy scoops . newline_char james murdoch , news corp. newline_char the paper has been under immense pressure for five years amid investigations into the use of private detectives to break into the mobile-phone voice mail of celebrities and political leaders . newline_char 's best-selling sunday paper with a righteous , no-holds-barred approach to taking down the rich and famous , from politicians to soccer stars . newline_char the paper , which appears on sundays , is accused of improperly intercepting voice mails of everyday people , including a 13-year-old murder victim , as well as those of celebrities . newline_char the paper , which appears on sundays , is accused of improperly intercepting voice mails of everyday people , including a 13-year-old murder victim , as well as those of celebrities . story_separator_special_tag says it will close its 168-year-old u.k. tabloid news of the world , a dramatic bid to cap a scandal centered on the paper 's controversial reporting tactics in pursuit of racy scoops . newline_char says it will close its 168-year-old u.k. tabloid news of the world , a dramatic bid to cap a scandal centered on the paper 's controversial reporting tactics in pursuit of racy scoops . newline_char the paper , which appears on sundays , is accused of improperly intercepting voice mails of everyday people , including a 13-year-old murder victim , as well as those of celebrities . newline_char the paper , which appears on sundays , is accused of improperly intercepting voice mails of everyday people , including a 13-year-old murder victim , as well as those of celebrities .
