searchers ought to be able to duplicate the findings of other scientists ’ work , but a new study suggests that many published psychology results ca n't be recreated . newline_char a huge , collaborative research project attempted to recreate 100 studies that were recently published in major psychology journals , and it found that only 39 of those studies ' results could be replicated . newline_char the study being published today speaks to why a bigger focus on reproducibility is necessary . newline_char that could mean that the studies were wrong in the first place , but researchers say that the findings tell more about the difficulty of designing a reproducible study than the accuracy of the studies themselves . newline_char studies need to be reproducible so that scientists can confirm their effects . newline_char in january 2014 , the national institutes of health announced it would create new initiatives to address these concerns , but there still are n't widely established reproducibility guidelines . newline_char that 's why scientists have generally pushed toward reproducing studies — and not just in psychology . story_separator_special_tag direct replication is the attempt to recreate the conditions believed sufficient for obtaining a previously observed finding and is the means of establishing reproducibility of a finding with new data . newline_char we conducted a large-scale , collaborative effort to obtain an initial estimate of the reproducibility of psychological science . newline_char here , we evaluated reproducibility using significance and p values , effect sizes , subjective assessments of replication teams , and meta-analysis of effect sizes . newline_char we conducted replications of 100 experimental and correlational studies published in three psychology journals using high-powered designs and original materials when available . newline_char there is concern about the rate and predictors of reproducibility , but limited evidence . newline_char reproducibility is a defining feature of science , but the extent to which it characterizes current research is unknown .
