ere are reports from torino about harps observations of gliese 581 ( g ) vogt et al reported on additional possible planets in the multi-planet low mass gliese 581 ( g ) system . newline_char gliese 581 , in particular , has had a couple of claims about its planets backed out before . newline_char there was some concern when the paper came out that the false alarm probability was underestimated ( see cumming et al for discussion of false alarm probability estimates and general considerations ) . newline_char the two new planets reported by vogt et al , were both coming in close to the detection threshold and there have been problems disentangllng closely packed multi-planet systems , due to aliasing and harmonic contamination . newline_char in particular they showed a ~ 3 sigma detection of a possible 3+ earth mass planet in a circular orbit with an orbital period consistent with a temperate surface . story_separator_special_tag a consortium of institutions led by the observatory of geneva in switzerland had already discovered four planets circling gliese 581 by sorting out the subtle motions of the star that are induced by the gravitational tugs of any orbiting planets . newline_char designated gliese 581g , the new planet has at least three times the mass of earth—large enough to hold on to a watery atmosphere—and orbits at a distance from its star that would allow any water to remain liquid . newline_char but yesterday at an exoplanet meeting in turin , italy , switzerland-based astronomers announced that they could find no trace of the prized planet in their observations of the same planetary system . newline_char on 29 september , a u.s.-based team led by astronomer steven vogt of the university of california , santa cruz , announced that it had discovered a fifth planet . newline_char two weeks ago , u.s.-based astronomers announced the discovery of the first goldilocks planet circling another star : just the right size and just the right temperature to harbor alien life .
