ack pastors demand apology from donald trump instead of endorsements , many black pastors issued donald trump demands for an apology for his treatment of racial minorities at a closed-door meeting at trump tower in new york on monday . newline_char pubid=1155968404 " true donald trump talks with reporters while surrounded by a group of african-american religious leaders in new york on nov. newline_char but trump , rarely one to avoid news cameras , held an impromptu press conference anyways and described the meeting as full of “ love. newline_char the demands , part of an hours-long meeting with dozens of black faith leaders that has been mired in controversy since it was announced on wednesday , come after many leaders came under fire for meeting with trump and after his campaign canceled the public portion of the event . story_separator_special_tag new york ( ap ) — dozens of black pastors pressed republican presidential front-runner donald trump on monday to address what some called his use of racially charged rhetoric , with several describing a meeting that became tense at times as attendees raised concerns about his blunt language . newline_char republican presidential candidate donald trump , center , talks with reporters while surrounded by a group of african-american religious leaders in new york , monday , nov. newline_char trump met with a coalition ... newline_char trump met with a coalition of 100 african-american ... newline_char ( associated press ) republican presidential candidate donald trump , left , talks to pastor darrell scott while surrounded by reporters in new york , monday , nov. newline_char ( associated press ) republican presidential candidate donald trump works the crowd at the conclusion of his second campaign visit to georgia at the macon centreplex coliseum while a member of the crowd holds up the former ... story_separator_special_tag trump . newline_char it seemed like a powerful counterpoint to the perception of donald trump as intolerant : a hundred black ministers and religious leaders would endorse him at his offices in manhattan , vouching for his sensitivity and broad-mindedness .
