andrey smirnov , afp/getty images / ) washington — the pentagon has made contingency plans to send small teams of special operations troops into syria if the white house decides it needs to secure chemical weapons depots now controlled by security forces loyal to president bashar assad , senior u.s. officials said . newline_char syrian deputy prime minister qadri jamil this week dismissed as mere election politics president obama 's implicit threat to intervene should the syrian regime deploy its chemical weapons stockpile . newline_char u.s. satellites and drone aircraft already maintain partial surveillance of the sites . newline_char but pentagon planners are more focused on protecting or destroying any syrian stockpiles that are left unguarded and at risk falling into the hands of rebel fighters or militias aligned with al qaeda , hezbollah or other militant groups . story_separator_special_tag damascus pounded by tank , helicopter , shells -activists * moscow believes syria wo n't use chemical weapons -report * urban warfare continues unabated in biggest city aleppo * fighting rages for control of airfield near iraq border by khaled yacoub oweis and oliver holmes amman/aleppo , syria aug 22 ( reuters ) - the syrian army shelled southern damascus on wednesday and helicopters fired rockets and machineguns during an assault meant to shore up president bashar al-assad 's grip on the capital 17 months into an uprising , opposition activists said . newline_char the army has this week used tanks and helicopter gunships in an offensive around damascus that coincided with the departure of u.n. military observers , their mission to stop the bloodshed and nudge syria towards a peaceful transition a failure . newline_char the united nations said some of the weapons being used by government forces appeared to have been newline_char * s. newline_char " the whole of damascus is shaking with the sound of shelling , " said a woman in kfar souseh , one of several districts hit in the military offensive to root out rebel fighters .
