associated press ) it would be 33 minutes before transportation security administration officer gerardo hernandez , who was about 20 feet from an exit , would be wheeled out by police to an ambulance , said the officials , who were briefed on the investigation and spoke on condition of anonymity because the probe was still ongoing into the nov. newline_char ( associated press ) transportation security administration ( tsa ) administrator john pistole testifies on capitol hill in washington , thursday , nov. newline_char 2 , 2013 , shows transportation security administration officer gerardo hernandez . newline_char an airport security officer lay helplessly bleeding after a gunman opened fire at los angeles international airport as paramedics waited 150 yards away because police had not declared the terminal safe to enter , according to two law enforcement officials . newline_char while it 's not known when hernandez died or if immediate medical attention could have saved his life , officials are examining what conversations took place between police and fire commanders to determine when it was safe enough to enter and whether paramedics could have gone into the terminal earlier , one of the officials said . newline_char 15 file - this june , 2013 photo released by the hernandez family nov. newline_char pistole , administrator , transportation security administration ( tsa ) gives his opening statement in a hearing before the house homeland security subcommittee on transportation security on tsa 's ... newline_char hernandez , 39 , was shot ... newline_char formal conclusions may take months to reach , but what 's known raises the possibility that a lack of coordination between police and fire officials prevented speedy treatment for hernandez and other victims . story_separator_special_tag ciancia is charged with killing hernandez and wounding three others , including two other tsa officers . newline_char the announcement came on the same day that hundreds of people turned out for a public memorial service honoring gerardo hernandez , the first transportation security administration officer killed in the line of duty .
