e original reason for the stepped up surveillance of netanyahu , according to the wsj , was the fear that he would " strike iran without warning . newline_char the national security agency 's ( nsa ) continued surveillance of israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu and israeli leaders may also have swept up private conversations involving members of congress , the wall street journal reported tuesday night . newline_char although president obama had promised to curb eavesdropping on world leaders who are u.s. allies after edward snowden leaked documents revealing the extent of the surveillance , there were a few leaders the white house wished to continue monitoring , including netanyahu . newline_char further , the journal reports that intercepted conversations between israeli leaders confirmed israel 's knowledge of the talks , as well as its intent to undermine any nuclear deal with iran by leaking its details . newline_char when netanyahu and his top aides came to washington to talk with jewish-american groups and members of congress to lobby against the deal , the nsa was there to pick up the conversations . newline_char " he added that the u.s. newline_char senior officials told the wsj that those conversations collected by the nsa raised fears " that the executive branch would be accused of spying on congress . newline_char netanyahu 's campaign . newline_char " the white house wanted the information anyway , however , because it " believed the intercepted information could be valuable to counter mr. newline_char " so in order to avoid leaving a trail , the white house left it to the nsa to figure out what to share , and the nsa obliged , deleting names of members and any personal attacks on the administration . story_separator_special_tag the white house kept certain allies including israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu under surveillance after president obama announced the u.s. would curtail surveillance on friendly heads of state . newline_char the ... newline_char topping the list was israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu .
