ross a plethora of memory tasks—involving word lists , maze locations , auditory tones , and more—going to sleep after training yields better performance than remaining awake . newline_char sleep appears to be important for long-term potentiation , a strengthening of signals between neurons that is widely regarded as a mechanism of learning and memory . newline_char in some instances the amount of improvement that occurs on memory tasks positively correlates with the length of time spent in certain stages of sleep . newline_char however , new research by stéphanie mazza and colleagues at the university of lyon , recently published in the journal psychological science , suggests another potential benefit of sleep : improved relearning . newline_char to date , most sleep and learning research has focused on recall , which is the capacity to remember information . newline_char this has prompted many sleep researchers to reach a provocative conclusion : beyond merely supporting learning , sleep is vital , and perhaps even directly responsible , for learning itself . newline_char these and other findings are generating great excitement among sleep researchers , as well as prompting heated debates about the degree to which sleep may or may not be involved in learning . newline_char a good night ’ s sleep can be transformative . newline_char certain memories acquired during the day appear to be reactivated and “ replayed ” in the brain during sleep , which may help make them longer lasting . newline_char however , sleep appears to have another important function : helping us learn . newline_char recent discoveries from neuroscience provide insights into that possibility . story_separator_special_tag we found that interleaving sleep between learning sessions not only reduced the amount of practice needed by half but also ensured much better long-term retention . newline_char abstract both repeated practice and sleep improve long-term retention of information . newline_char in the study reported here , we investigated whether sleep-dependent memory consolidation could help to save practice time during relearning .
