ortion rights advocates charged sunday that the provision threatened to deprive women of abortion coverage because insurers would drop the procedure from their plans in order to sell them in the newly expanded market of people receiving subsidies . newline_char photo advertisement continue reading the main story washington — a restriction on abortion coverage , added late saturday to the health care bill passed by the house , has energized abortion opponents with their biggest victory in years — emboldening them for a pitched battle in the senate . newline_char the provision would block the use of federal subsidies for insurance that covers elective abortions . newline_char both sides credited a forceful lobbying effort by roman catholic bishops with the success of the provision , inserted in the bill under pressure from conservative democrats . story_separator_special_tag the house passed its version of health-care legislation saturday night by a vote of 220 to 215 after the approval of an amendment that would sharply restrict the availability of coverage for abortions , which many insurance plans now offer . newline_char the amendment goes beyond long-standing prohibitions against public funding for abortions , limiting abortion coverage even for women paying for it without government subsidies . newline_char ) said she has collected more than 40 signatures from house democrats vowing to oppose any final bill that includes the amendment -- enough to block passage . newline_char although house liberals voted for the bill with the amendment to keep the process moving forward , rep. newline_char the amendment passed with the support of 64 democrats , roughly a quarter of the party caucus . newline_char president obama and senate democrats sought on sunday to generate momentum from the house 's passage of health-care legislation , even as a new hurdle emerged : profound dismay among abortion-rights supporters over antiabortion provisions inserted into the house bill . newline_char diana degette ( colo. newline_char " there 's going to be a firestorm here , " degette said .
