lice said saturday that prescott has now been hospitalized , and could be there for a week . newline_char neil edwin prescott , 28 , was taken into custody at his apartment early friday and transferred to anne arundel medical center for an emergency psychiatric evaluation , prince george 's county police said . newline_char officers said they found two dozen firearms — including shotguns , a tactical rifle and handguns — along with accessories and several thousand rounds of ammunition at prescott 's apartment on the 1600 block of parkridge circle during a search friday . newline_char " according to an application for the  newline_char no charges are expected during the time he is being treated . newline_char a crofton man who owned a cache of weapons repeatedly threatened to " blow everybody up " at his former workplace and declared himself a " joker , " police said , in what authorities believe is a reference to last week 's mass killings during a midnight screening of " the dark knight rises " in aurora , colo. story_separator_special_tag , phoned in the threat to software and mailroom supplier pitney bowes near washington , d.c. investigators say a search of prescott 's home turned up more than 20 guns , including assault rifles and handguns , and more than 400 rounds of ammunition . newline_char an official with knowledge of the investigation told the associated press that neil prescott of crofton , md. newline_char a message left at a telephone listing for prescott in crofton was not immediately returned . newline_char prescott was being held friday at anne arundel medical center in annapolis , where he was undergoing a psychological evaluation . newline_char investigators believe prescott , who was arrested thursday night , had lost his job with the company and was disgruntled . newline_char ___ associated press writer jessica gresko contributed newline_char though the suspect referred to himself as " a joker " when he called in the threat , the official said there is no other known connection to a deadly shooting last week at a colorado movie theater during the latest batman movie .
