cording to a study published in the journal infection and immunity by researchers at the university of california , san diego school of medicine , antibiotic-resistant bacteria , specifically mrsa , are vastly more difficult to kill when exposed to cigarette smoke . newline_char crotty alexander , a pulmonologist , sought to find potential ties between the increased occurrences of mrsa cases in smokers . newline_char crotty alexander of uc san diego and the veterans affairs san diego healthcare system , in a press release . newline_char methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus , or mrsa , is a type of bacteria that causes life-threatening infections to the skin , bloodstream , or a surgical site , and sometimes causes pneumonia . story_separator_special_tag — hayne palmour iv share photo   reddit ✉ laura crotty alexander led a study that found the superbug mrsa becomes more resistant when exposed to electronic cigarette vapors . newline_char laura crotty alexander led a study that found the superbug mrsa becomes more resistant when exposed to electronic cigarette vapors . newline_char — hayne palmour iv cigarette smoke exposure stresses mrsa , causing it to alter its cell walls to repel toxic substances , crotty alexander said . newline_char cigarette smoke functions much like an alarm to the superbug mrsa , warning it to activate its defenses , according to a new study led by uc san diego scientists . newline_char crotty alexander is a ucsd assistant clinical professor of medicine and staff physician at va san diego healthcare system . newline_char crotty alexander is a ucsd assistant clinical professor of medicine and staff physician at va san diego healthcare system . newline_char crotty alexander , a pulmonologist at ucsd and the veterans affairs san diego healthcare system . newline_char crotty alexander is senior author of the paper , published monday in the journal infection and immunity . newline_char in lab studies in human cells and whole mice , mrsa ( methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus ) bacteria exposed to cigarette smoke extract become harder to kill , said dr.
