o long running , obama era , investigations of two very popular republican congressmen were brought to a well publicized charge , just ahead of the mid-terms , by the jeff sessions justice department . newline_char good job jeff ... newline_char good job jeff ... newline_char ... newline_char two easy wins now in doubt because there is not enough time . story_separator_special_tag ( associated press ) washington ( ap ) — president donald trump escalated his attacks on attorney general jeff sessions on monday , suggesting the department of justice put republicans in midterm jeopardy with recent indictments of two gop congressmen . newline_char president donald trump is escalating his attacks on attorney general jeff sessions , suggesting the embattled official should have intervened in investigations of two gop congressmen to help republicans in ... newline_char in his latest broadside against the justice department 's traditional independence , trump tweeted that " obama era investigations , of two very popular republican congressmen were brought to a well publicized charge , just ahead of the mid-terms , by the jeff sessions justice department . newline_char president donald trump is escalating his attacks on attorney general jeff sessions , suggesting the embattled ... newline_char trump , who did not address the specifics of the charges , did not name the republicans . newline_char trump has frequently suggested he views justice less as a law enforcement agency and more as a department that is supposed to do his personal and political bidding . newline_char in this july 13 , 2018 photo , attorney general jeff sessions delivers remarks in portland , maine . newline_char ( associated press ) in this july 13 , 2018 photo , attorney general jeff sessions delivers remarks in portland , maine . newline_char good job jeff ... newline_char good job jeff ... newline_char both have proclaimed their innocence . newline_char ... newline_char two easy wins now in doubt because there is not enough time .
