tory_separator_special_tag although al-balad has been a unesco cultural heritage site since 2014 , many of its historical buildings have perished due to fire and disrepair . newline_char many residents moved out of the cramped spaces of al-balad , leaving its more palatial homes and buildings to slow dilapidation . newline_char test of time : how modern technology is saving jeddah 's al-balad heritage site jeddah : in comparison with the developments of modern urban infrastructure , jeddah ’ s ancient port center of al-balad has largely stood the test of time . newline_char “ using traditional methods to record and preserve ancient buildings would take a long time , require several teams of people and would also not be precise or accurate , particularly in the case of unique details . newline_char tackling historical buildings from new angles al-balad fully embodies traditional architecture , with its use of cut coral stones and intricately hand-carved “ rawashin ” -style latticed windows . newline_char one of the biggest challenges in al-balad is the tight spaces between buildings . newline_char however , preserving ancient buildings in this historic quarter comes with its own set of obstacles . newline_char as wealth from oil began to flow into the saudi economy , the country began a march toward a more gleaming infrastructure complete with modern buildings . newline_char , the ancient town of al-balad once served as the center of trade and commerce for the city of jeddah . newline_char in the past 50 years , unesco has served to provide the incentive to preserve historical sites such as al-balad , which is considered a staple of hijazi architecture . newline_char khaled abdelgawad , director of business development and acting operations manager at falconviz , explained how al-balad has an invaluable archaeological and architectural heritage . newline_char assisting in these efforts is a saudi-based 3d surveying and mapping firm called falconviz , which uses state-of-the-art drone technology and autodesk software to document and register these historical buildings for the preservation of future generations .
