rbillivirus , a disease similar to measles in humans , has been found in some beached dolphins tested by noaa , officials announced tuesday . newline_char since july 1 , 333 dolphins have stranded - gotten sick and washed up on beaches , or became stuck in shallow water - between new york and north carolina . newline_char hundreds of bottle-nosed dolphins have been dying on the east coast , and the national oceanic and atmospheric administration says a virus is likely to blame . newline_char noaa has tested 33 beached dolphins , and 32 had either confirmed  newline_char " we do n't have a lot of insight as to when it will stop . story_separator_special_tag now , a noaa team in charge of investigating the event is pointing to a type of morbillivirus as the culprit behind the bottlenose dolphins deaths . newline_char scientists don ’ t yet know how many dolphins have died offshore without reaching mid-atlantic beaches , but it could be thousands . newline_char in july , noaa declared the die-off an unusual mortality event , which frees up federal funding and investigators to address the crisis . story_separator_special_tag measles virus kills dolphins at rate unseen since 1987 1:31 genetic tests have confirmed that an outbreak of a measles-like virus known as morbillivirus is playing a major role in the massive dolphin die-off on the mid-atlantic coast . newline_char among 33 dolphins tested this summer , 32 dolphins have turned up with a suspected or confirmed case of the virus , rowles said . newline_char this is the second big strike for the virus , which was the chief agent behind a wave of infections that struck bottlenose dolphins between june 1987 and march 1988 , killing more than 700 animals before retreating into the blue . newline_char " we are now calling it a morbillivirus outbreak , " teri rowles of the national oceanic and atmospheric administration 's marine mammal health and stranding response program said during a telephone press briefing on tuesday .
