llon/bloomberg as the diesel emissions scandal roiled volkswagen ag last fall , wolfgang porsche -- the elder statesman of the clan that controls the automaker -- did what he does every autumn . newline_char he put on his boots , picked up his rifle , and went deer hunting near the half-timbered austrian farmhouse where he spent his childhood . story_separator_special_tag reuters/axel schmidt frankfurt the piech and porsche families that control more than 52 percent of volkswagen ( vowg_p.de ) have vowed to back senior management , setting aside past disputes as the carmaker struggles to overcome an emissions scandal , der spiegel reported on saturday . newline_char wolfgang porsche , member of the supervisory board of german car maker volkswagen , addresses a news conference at the company 's headquarters in wolfburg , germany october 7 , 2015 . newline_char in a rare interview , hans michel piech and wolfgang porsche pledged support for vw chairman hans dieter poetsch and chief executive matthias mueller , and said they would stay out of daily operational affairs at germany 's biggest carmaker . story_separator_special_tag it expressed doubt that the company would continue to pursue other inquiries into its past , in particular over allegations of collaboration with the military leaders of brazil in the 1970s . story_separator_special_tag osnabrueck , germany ( dpa ) - german carmaker volkswagen will part ways with its corporate historian , the company announced saturday , amid media reports that the split is because the researcher thought a recent report downplayed wartime ties to the nazis . newline_char the braunschweiger zeitung newspaper has reported that the split came after grieger was critical of a report about the activities of auto union during germany ‘ s nazi era . newline_char manfred grieger agreed to the split , a vw spokesman said saturday . newline_char auto union is the company that became audi , now a key subsidiary of volkswagen group . newline_char he will be replaced as head of historical communication by archivist ulrike gutzman .
