age caption boko haram has said it will not free the girls until authorities release all imprisoned militants nigeria 's military says it has raided a boko haram intelligence unit thought to be linked to the recent abduction of more than 200 schoolgirls . newline_char the defence ministry statement described him as a businessman who " participated actively in the abduction of schoolgirls " in the northern town of chibok . newline_char he used his participation in a civilian vigilante group fighting boko haram to cover up his work spying for the militants , the military said , adding that he had co-ordinated " several deadly attacks in maidugiri " , the capital of borno state , since 2011 . newline_char boko haram militants abducted more than 200 girls from their school in borno state on 14 april . newline_char the cell leader babuji ya'ari was arrested , a military statement said . newline_char mr ya'ari had been actively involved in the seizure of the girls as well as the killing in may of a traditional leader , the emir of gwoza , the statement added . story_separator_special_tag bauchi , nigeria ( ap ) — suspected islamic extremists sprayed gunfire at worshippers and torched four churches sunday in a village just miles from the town where more than 200 schoolgirls were kidnapped , witnesses said . newline_char " they killed dozens of people and burned houses after attacking worshippers , " survivor mallam yahi told the associated press by telephone from chibok town , to which he escaped . newline_char at least 30 bodies have been recovered but more are turning up in the bushes , where people tried to escape from kwada village , said a member of a vigilante group that has had some successes in repelling attacks . newline_char police spokesman gideon jubrin said he could not confirm the attack because bad communications have kept officials from reaching the nearest security post at chibok , though associated press reporters were able to make cell phone calls to the town .
