shington—administration lawyers have presented the white house with four options for restructuring the national security agency 's phone-surveillance program , from ditching the controversial collection altogether to running it through the telephone companies , according to officials familiar with the discussions . newline_char president barack obama in january asked u.s. intelligence agencies and the attorney general to report by march 28 on ... story_separator_special_tag here are the four options obama has apparently been presented with : phone companies retain the data . newline_char candidates could include the fbi and the foreign intelligence surveillance court this would provide another separation of power , instead of concentrating both the investigators and the data being investigated inside one organization . newline_char candidates could include the fbi and the foreign intelligence surveillance court a non-telecommunications and non-government agency retains the data . newline_char another government agency retains the data . newline_char lawyers for the obama administration have presented four possible methods for retooling the national security agency ’ s surveillance programs . newline_char obama ’ s own remarks last month lean heavily towards one of the first two options , but it is unclear exactly when a decision will be reached . newline_char under this plan , phone companies control their data and allow the nsa to access certain information upon request . newline_char under this plan , phone companies control their data and allow the nsa to access certain information upon request . newline_char while obama had set a date towards the end of march to be presented with these options , according to the wall street journal , the office of director of national intelligence and the justice department have completed the assignment well ahead of schedule . newline_char this one is unlikely . newline_char a daring proposal , but come on , this one 's a pipe dream . newline_char ” this one is unlikely .
