ian williams becomes the next reporter to almost , but not quite , hold rick perry to account for the execution of cameron todd willingham . newline_char during the gop debate wednesday night , williams asked without naming willingham , or going at perry armed with the science that undermined the prosecution 's case . newline_char " ) williams simply asked in general if perry had ever struggled with the idea that someone who was killed via capital punishment was innocent . newline_char the weak sauce allowed perry to wriggle off the hook : " no , sir . newline_char ( a pity : this came on the heels of the moderators trying to get perry in a spat with jon huntsman about who was " anti-science . newline_char " but in the state of texas , if you come into our state and you kill one of our children , you kill a police officer , you 're involved with another crime and you kill one of our citizens , you will face the ultimate justice in the state of texas , and that is  story_separator_special_tag willingham told the barbees to call the fire department , and while diane raced down the street to get help he found a stick and broke the children ’ s bedroom window . newline_char she ran inside and told her mother , diane , and they hurried up the street ; that ’ s when they saw the smoldering house and cameron todd willingham standing on the front porch , wearing only a pair of jeans , his chest blackened with soot , his hair and eyelids singed . newline_char a neighbor later told police that willingham intermittently cried newline_char he broke another window ; flames burst through it , too , and he retreated into the yard , kneeling in front of the house . newline_char he was screaming , “ my babies are burning up ! newline_char ” his children—karmon and kameron , who were one-year-old twin girls , and two-year-old amber—were trapped inside . newline_char the fire moved quickly through the house , a one-story wood-frame structure in a working-class neighborhood of corsicana , in northeast texas .
