the portrayal of a young asian woman speaking broken english in a super bowl ad being run by u.s. senate candidate pete hoekstra against michigan incumbent debbie stabenow is bringing charges of racial insensitivity . newline_char " the nonpartisan asian & pacific islander american vote group 's michigan chapter said it was " deeply disappointed " by the ad , noting that the asian-american community is a major contributor to michigan 's economy . newline_char hoekstra 's facebook page , which by early evening was getting a barrage of criticism on the ad , snapped back that  newline_char hoekstra campaign spokesman paul ciaramitaro said the ad is meant to be satirical . newline_char gop consultant nick de leeuw flat-out scolded the holland republican for the ad . newline_char " racism and xenophobia are n't any way to get things done . newline_char " it is very disturbing that mr. story_separator_special_tag “ the ad is only insensitive to debbie stabenow and her spending , " he said . newline_char speaking on a conference call monday morning with reporters , the michigan republican senate candidate pushed back at widening criticism that the ad is insensitive or mean-spirited . newline_char pete hoekstra defended his controversial superbowl ad featuring a young asian woman speaking broken english , saying it has yielded an " overwhelmingly positive response " and should only offend democratic sen. newline_char when asked by a michigan-based reporter if the ad was the sign of a " nastier " campaign strategy , the former congressman replied , “ this is not a nasty hoekstra at all . newline_char ” hoekstra said the ad does not criticize the chinese , but instead points out the strength of an international competitor that is benefiting from america 's declining economic status . story_separator_special_tag the seed for this crawl was a list of every host in the wayback machine this crawl was run at a level 1 ( urls including their embeds , plus the urls of all outbound links including their embeds ) the warc files associated with this crawl are not currently available to the general public .
