ime minister stephen harper said in an evening address that canada would not be intimidated by wednesday 's " brutal and violent attack " in ottawa , in which an armed attacker shot and fatally wounded a canadian forces member at the national war memorial before being shot dead in parliament 's centre block . newline_char moments after cirillo was shot at his post by the tomb of the unknown soldier , mps and other witnesses reported 30 to 50 shots fired inside the main parliament building . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag ottawa , ontario ( ap ) — a masked gunman killed a soldier standing guard at canada 's war memorial wednesday , then stormed parliament in an attack that was stopped cold when he was shot to death by the ceremonial sergeant-at-arms . newline_char ( associated press ) a royal canadian mounted police intervention team walks past a gate on parliament hill in ottawa wednesday oct. newline_char file in this march 25 , 2011 file photo , sergeant-at-arms kevin vickers carries the mace from the house of commons at the conclusion of the session in ottawa . story_separator_special_tag the attacks in ottawa occurred just two days after a quebec soldier was killed in what harper called an islamic state-inspired attack in st-jean-sur-richelieu , not far from montreal . newline_char harper addressed the nation hours after a young soldier was gunned down at the national war memorial in ottawa and dozens of shots fired inside parliament ended with the shooter ’ s death . newline_char sonja puzic , ctvnews.ca two “ despicable attacks ” on canadian soldiers this week will not weaken the country ’ s resolve to fight terrorism at home and abroad , a sombre prime minister stephen harper said wednesday . newline_char harper said more information about the “ terrorist ” killed in ottawa will surface in the coming days . newline_char ctv news has confirmed that the suspect in wednesday ’ s attack is michael zehaf-bibeau , a canadian citizen born in 1982 .
