few weeks after receiving a blood transfusion , he experienced a severe allergic reaction called anaphylaxis within 10 minutes of eating salmon , according to the report , published online today ( april 7 ) in the canadian medical association journal . newline_char a boy in canada mysteriously became allergic to fish and nuts after he received a blood transfusion , according to a new case report . newline_char [ 9 weirdest allergies ] but four days later , the boy was back in the emergency department after eating a chocolate peanut butter cup . newline_char the 8-year-old boy had no history of being allergic to any foods , and was undergoing treatment for medulloblastoma , a type of brain cancer . newline_char his doctors suspected that the blood transfusion had triggered the reaction , they wrote in the report . newline_char blood tests and a skin prick test suggested that he was allergic — at least temporarily — to peanuts and salmon ,  story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . newline_char crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . newline_char that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page 's authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web . story_separator_special_tag in prior donor-linked allergy cases , a patient developed new allergies to foods , drugs or other allergens like grass following a transfusion from a donor who harbored such allergies . newline_char a few weeks after receiving transfusions , when he had a serious allergic reaction within 10 minutes of eating salmon and another after he ate a chocolate peanut butter cup , his doctors soon identified the source of the problem . newline_char not so for an eight-year-old boy who received a blood transfusion unexpectedly brimming with antibodies against salmon and peanuts—two foods he had routinely consumed in the past . newline_char fortunately , each
