ited nations ( ap ) — the u.n. security council called saturday for a cease-fire in the israeli-palestinian conflict centered on the gaza strip . newline_char palestinian u.n. envoy , riyad mansour stressed , however , that the palestinians ' understanding is that the cease-fire should go into effect immediately . newline_char a council statement approved by all 15 members calls for de-escalation of the violence , restoration of calm , and a resumption of direct negotiations between israelis and palestinians aimed at achieving a comprehensive peace agreement based on a two-state solution . newline_char the statement calls for " the reinstitution of the november 2012 cease-fire , " which was brokered by egypt , but gives no time frame for when it should take effect . story_separator_special_tag advertisement earlier saturday , the israeli military ordered palestinians residing in the northern gaza strip to leave their homes " for their own safety . newline_char ” a military spokesman said israeli forces would strike the area with heavy force over the next 24 hours in a signal that operations against hamas militants are due to increase despite international concerns five days of israeli airstrikes against hamas targets in the gaza strip have resulted in at least 156 casualties and threatens to climb higher as the bombardment shows no signs of letting up . newline_char it was the first time that israeli ground troops are known to have entered gaza in the current offensive , the associated press reported . newline_char the israeli military said four soldiers were wounded saturday night during a brief incursion to raid a rocket launching site in northern gaza . newline_char “ those who fail to comply with the instructions will endanger their lives and the lives of their families . newline_char beware. newline_char the israeli army twitter account said overnight that rocket fire has struck “ over 60 targets , making a total of 1,160 since the beginning of operation protective edge.
