ople who adopted “ expansive postures ” —widespread limbs and a stretched-out torso—in speed-dating situations garnered more romantic interest than those who folded their arms in “ closed postures , ” the researchers found . story_separator_special_tag new research suggests that humans trying online dating apps and speed-dating might want to follow their lead . newline_char story highlights new research looks at ideal postures in quick dating contexts study finds that posing with stretched limbs in profile pictures increases odds of success ( cnn ) the power of posture reigns in the animal kingdom , where peacocks fan their feathers and chimpanzees flaunt their limbs to assert dominance and attract mates . newline_char previous studies have shown that nonverbal cues such as a smile or a nod of the head garner interest from potential romantic partners . newline_char but modern courtship rarely lasts long enough to form an impression based on meaningful , real-life interactions . newline_char the gestures have what scientists call " positive signal value , " meaning they create the impression that you are warm and friendly , someone others want to be around . story_separator_special_tag abstract across two field studies of romantic attraction , we demonstrate that postural expansiveness makes humans more romantically appealing . newline_char these findings indicate that in modern-day dating contexts , in which initial attraction often is determined by a rapid decision following a brief interaction or seeing a photograph , displays of expansive posture increase one ’ s chances of initial romantic success . newline_char contractive ) body posture increases one ’ s romantic desirability ; ( ii ) these results are consistent across gender ; and ( iii ) perceived dominance and perceived openness are mechanisms through which expansiveness exerts its effect . newline_char this set of studies tested whether humans are more attracted to individuals displaying their bodies expansively , a behavior considered to express both dominance and openness .
