oto advertisement continue reading the main story nations have so dragged their feet in battling climate change that the situation has grown critical and the risk of severe economic disruption is rising , according to a draft united nations report . story_separator_special_tag the administration ’ s pursuit of increased domestic oil and gas production jeopardizes progress made toward lowering carbon pollution linked to climate change , according to a letter signed by leaders of 18 u.s. environmental organizations including the sierra club and the natural resources defense council . newline_char a coalition of environmental groups is calling on president barack obama to put greater emphasis on combating climate change in his energy policy , pressing the administration as it weighs approving the keystone xl pipeline . newline_char ” the letter emerged as the u.s. state department completes work on a final environmental assessment of transcanada corp. newline_char “ an ‘ all of the above ’ strategy is a compromise that future generations can ’ t afford , ” the groups wrote in the letter released last night . story_separator_special_tag ( nati harnik/ap ) a group of the nation ’ s leading environmental organizations is breaking with the administration over its energy policy , arguing that the white house needs to apply a strict climate test to all of its energy decisions or risk undermining one of the president ’ s top ­second-term priorities . newline_char the rift — reflected in a letter sent to president obama by 18 groups , including the sierra club , the environmental defense fund and earthjustice — signals that the administration is under pressure to confront the fossil-fuel industry or risk losing support from a critical part of its political base during an already difficult election year . newline_char the new pressure from both sides could have an impact on critical permitting decisions on issues ranging from the keystone xl pipeline to natural gas exports and federal coal leases .
