e crisis is the product of multiple factors , from decrepit power plants to crumbling transmission lines to decades-old policy mistakes . newline_char at its worst , this leaves power providers with no funds to pay for fuel , so their plants slow or shut down entirely . newline_char mr. newline_char ” analysts say the question is whether mr. newline_char “ this is not like finding a cure for cancer — people know what needs to be done , ” said  newline_char “ everyone is affected , ” said iqbal jamil , a heat-flustered resident of landhi , a neighborhood in karachi . newline_char sharif swept to victory in the may 11 election in part on the appeal of slogans promising to deliver a “ shining pakistan ” and to “ end the darkness. newline_char the system is paralyzed by $ 5 billion in “ circular debt ” — basically , a long chain of unpaid bills that cuts across society , from government departments to wealthy politicians to slum dwellers . story_separator_special_tag two ministers in charge of water and power explained what can be done to end power cuts in parts of the country newline_char frustration over the power cuts contributed to the former ruling party 's poor showing in a may 11 general election . newline_char islamabad | islamabad ( reuters ) - pakistan has told civil servants not to wear socks as the country turns off air-conditioners amid a chronic power crisis and soaring temperatures . newline_char a technician is silhouetted as he works on power lines supplying electricity in the outskirts of lahore january 31 , 2012 . newline_char collection of photos that made the news or caught our eye this week . newline_char " there shall be no more use of air-conditioners in public offices till such time that substantial improvement in the energy situation takes place , " a cabinet directive said . newline_char the " load-shedding " means many families can not pump water , let alone run air-conditioners , with a disastrous knock-on effect on health and domestic life .
