« « previous next » » » arrests as bodies of missing dutch couple found in spain spanish police have arrested at least one person following the discovery of what is thought to be the bodies of missing dutch international volleyball player ingrid visser and her partner lodewijk severin . newline_char indentification still has to be confirmed by dna but the bodies 'are extremely tall which is a good indication it is the missing couple , ' a police spokesman told the dutch media appointments the couple disappeared in murcia on may 13 and police found no trace of them since they checked into their hotel . newline_char visser 's family alerted the police after the couple failed to turn up for an appointment in the netherlands . newline_char the bodies were found buried in a shallow grave in a lemon grove close to a house in the village of alquerías , some 12 kilometres from murcia , local media reported . newline_char their hire car was later found on a murcia street . story_separator_special_tag ms visser , 35 , disappeared along with her partner lodewijk severein , 57 , on 13 may , shortly after after checking into a hotel in the city of murcia . newline_char image caption ms visser is seen here playing in the european women 's volleyball championships in 2009 spanish police believe the murders of former dutch volleyball star ingrid visser and her partner in south-eastern spain may have been business-related . newline_char murcia 's police chief told reporters there appeared to have been a business disagreement between the couple and the suspects . story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . newline_char crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . newline_char that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page 's authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
