tory_separator_special_tag using footage from body-worn cameras , we analyze the respectfulness of police officer language toward white and black community members during routine traffic stops . newline_char this paper presents a systematic analysis of officer body-worn camera footage , using computational linguistic techniques to automatically measure the respect level that officers display to community members . newline_char police officers speak significantly less respectfully to black than to white community members in everyday traffic stops , even after controlling for officer race , infraction severity , stop location , and stop outcome . story_separator_special_tag the first major us study of body-cam footage concluded that police , at least in oakland , california , showed more respect to white people than to black people . newline_char the study from stanford university researchers analyzed the transcribed text from 981 traffic stops caught on body cams by 245 oakland police department officers in 2014 . newline_char black people , however , did n't get as much respect , and they were more likely to be called by their first names and even " my man . newline_char white people pulled over were more likely to be called " ma'am " or " sir , " and they were more likely to hear the words " please " and " thank you " from police officers . story_separator_special_tag image copyright getty images image caption the researchers used body cam footage in their research california police officers speak less respectfully to members of the public who are black than to those who are white , researchers studying body camera footage say . newline_char scientists developed a way to measure levels of respect , based on the officers ' language during routine traffic stops in oakland city . newline_char while bodycam footage has been used as evidence in criminal cases - including some where complaints have been made against police - the aim of this study was to turn this continuously gathered footage into data and use that to track and improve everyday policing .
