e women are identified by police as ashley england , mary jordan and sammie whaley . newline_char england was charged with assault , theft and child endangerment . newline_char jordan was charged with assault and child endangerment . newline_char jordan was charged with assault and child endangerment . newline_char the child endangerment charges are due to the fact england and jordan had their children present with them and the children also participated in the incident . story_separator_special_tag the bellevue , ohio police department reported that ashley england , mary jordan , and sammie whaley were arrested on june 8 for assaulting a female mcdonald 's employee in the parking lot " because she was working too slowly when dealing with three woman and their family and friends from sandusky ohio . newline_char mothers smile for mugshot photo after arrest for assaulting " too slow " mcdonald 's worker england was charged with assault , theft and child endangerment . newline_char england was charged with assault , theft and child endangerment . newline_char jordan was charged with assault and child endangerment . newline_char jordan was charged with assault and child endangerment . newline_char england and jordan 's child endangerment charges are due to the fact they had their children present with them and participating in the incident . newline_char read the rest report finds over 125,000 complaints against more than 25,000 chicago police officers an analysis newline_char figuring out what to do with trump 's base means admitting they are racist dylan matthews has a wonderful piece up on vox , taking trump voters ’ concerns seriously means listening to what they ’ re actually saying , which points out that in order to heal the great divide in the united states we ’ re going to have to admit what trump ’ s popularity is all about : a fading , racist white majority is struggling [ … ] read the rest over 170 nations agree to cut global-warming chemical used in refrigerators and air conditioners a global agreement to cut a heat-trapping chemical used in air conditioning units and refrigerators was announced today , with participation from over 170 nations .
