t rangel knew them all , and he knew how to get around them - by co-opting or by mowing them down , whatever was required . newline_char l correction : in my nov. newline_char the number of people who were determined to keep that from happening were legion , both in washington and new york . newline_char and he loved every minute of this game - which he played for unselfish purposes , not to expand his own influence . newline_char he and rosty had the same view of the hometown patronage games that brought them down . newline_char they wanted the perks that went with their positions of power . newline_char but they used them more often to help others along than for themselves , and they were n't greedy . newline_char often , they were just sloppy about the demands of the new era of politics . newline_char it makes you weep to see someone like this fall . newline_char i remember conversations with him when he was engaged in what may have been his greatest coup : helping free hillary clinton from the confines of the east wing and converting her into a successful senate candidate in new york . story_separator_special_tag " by its adoption of house resolution 1737 , the house is resolved that representative charles rangel of new york be censured , " nancy pelosi read , calling on the fallen chairman of the ways and means committee to pay the taxes he owes . newline_char rangel , staring back at the speaker , swallowed hard . newline_char " rangel then went downstairs to offer more defiance at a news conference . newline_char after the ritual of public humiliation , the harlem democrat 's friends came with outstretched arms to console him , but rangel brushed them off , instead requesting permission to address the house . newline_char charlie rangel stood , stony-faced , in the well of the house . newline_char " the freshly censured legislator even offered a suggestion for newspaper headlines : " rangel found not guilty of corruption and self dealing . newline_char " sorry ,
