ina 's lunar exploration program -- known as chang ' e -- is leading the mission , zou yongliao of the chinese academy of sciences ' moon exploration department told cctv in an interview shown wednesday . newline_char a successful landing , which would be the first of its kind , could enable the chinese to place radio transmitters on the far side of the moon , which currently ca n't be reached with transmissions from earth . newline_char china is planning on sending the first-ever lunar probe to the dark side of the moon by 2020 , a leading engineer announced on state-run television . newline_char the dark side of the moon is not visible from earth . story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . newline_char crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . newline_char that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page 's authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web . story_separator_special_tag china 's next lunar mission is scheduled for 2017 , when it will attempt to land an unmanned spaceship on the moon before returning to earth with samples . newline_char beijing ( ap ) — china 's increasingly ambitious space program plans to attempt the first-ever landing of a lunar probe on the moon 's far side , a leading engineer said . newline_char zou said the mission 's objective would be to study geological conditions on the moon 's far side , also known as the dark side . newline_char the chang ' e 4 mission is planned for sometime before 2020 , zou yongliao from the chinese academy of sciences ' moon exploration department told state broadcaster cctv in an interview broadcast on wednesday . newline_char radio transmissions from earth are unable to reach the moon 's far side , making it an excellent location for sensitive instruments .
