ven all the painful things we learn about people every day and the surprises that shock even the experts ( the head of the fbi anti-spy effort was a russian spy ,  newline_char when an orchestrated assault is launched on the right to ask questions in an effort to stop members of congress from even inquiring about a topic — you know the fix is in . newline_char the recent assault on the national security five is only the most recent example of the fear our elites have about discussing and understanding radical islamists . newline_char michele bachmann ( r-minn. newline_char ) as well as republican reps. newline_char yet consider this rush to silence questions in light of our history of unpleasant surprises during the cold war . story_separator_special_tag but today politico descended into territory so toxic that one would be remiss to ignore it . newline_char pointing out the latest examples is pointless and redundant . story_separator_special_tag prepared by staff at the foundation for defense of democracies 1 ) global counterterrorism conference without israel text size - + reset the global counterterrorism forum was founded on sept. newline_char the turkish government has since demanded an apology from the israeli government , compensation for the victims ’ families , and an end to the blockade of gaza . newline_char when these stipulations were not realized , despite u.s. pressure , the turkish newline_char 22 , 2011 , by turkish foreign minister ahmet davutoglu and secretary of state hillary clinton . newline_char it brings together 29 countries and the european union to discuss ways to strengthen security and limit extremism . newline_char in may 2010 , the israeli defense forces boarded the mavi marmara , part of a turkish sponsored flotilla to gaza . newline_char fighting broke out , and nine turkish activists were killed . newline_char the forum meets with experts , as well as representatives from international organizations , including the united nations .
