rry brecheisen/getty images there is no question that americans are frustrated with their elected officials , but the latest gallup poll shows that frustration has reached a fever pitch , plummeting congress to its lowest approval rating in history . newline_char barry brecheisen/getty images there is no question that americans are frustrated with their elected officials , but the latest gallup poll shows that frustration has reached a fever pitch , plummeting congress to its lowest approval rating in history . newline_char just 10 percent of americans approve of the job congress is doing , fewer than at any previous point in gallup 's nearly 40 years of polling . newline_char just 10 percent of americans approve of the job congress is doing , fewer than at any previous point in gallup 's nearly 40 years of polling . newline_char in the nearly half a century-long history of gallup polling , the only people or institutions that have been more unpopular than the current congress are fidel castro , saddam hussein , osama bin laden and mark fuhrman , a detective in the o.j . story_separator_special_tag barry brecheisen/getty images there is no question that americans are frustrated with their elected officials , but the latest gallup poll shows that frustration has reached a fever pitch , plummeting congress to its lowest approval rating in history . newline_char barry brecheisen/getty images there is no question that americans are frustrated with their elected officials , but the latest gallup poll shows that frustration has reached a fever pitch , plummeting congress to its lowest approval rating in history . newline_char just 10 percent of americans approve of the job congress is doing , fewer than at any previous point in gallup 's nearly 40 years of polling . newline_char just 10 percent of americans approve of the job congress is doing , fewer than at any previous point in gallup 's nearly 40 years of polling . newline_char in the nearly half a century-long history of gallup polling , the only people or institutions that have been more unpopular than the current congress are fidel castro , saddam hussein , osama bin laden and mark fuhrman , a detective in the o.j .
