sh and his wife , barbara , hospitalized in houston president obama : 'they are as fine a couple as we know ' former president george h.w . newline_char " we have been in touch with the bush family today after hearing about president george h.w . newline_char bush , 92 , is in the intensive care unit at houston methodist hospital for an acute respiratory problem stemming from pneumonia . newline_char also , barbara bush , 91 , was admitted to methodist wednesday morning as a precaution after she began experiencing fatigue and coughing . newline_char " president bush is stable and resting comfortably , " according to the statement , but he will remain in icu for observation . newline_char developing story : a week before being hospitalized , bush 41 sent letter telling trump he could n't attend inauguration president barack obama referenced the bushes ' hospitalization in his final news conference wednesday . newline_char bush and barbara bush being admitted to the hospital this morning , " said obama . newline_char " they have not only dedicated their lives to this country , they have been a constant source of friendship and support and good counsel for michelle and me over the years . story_separator_special_tag bush chief of staff jean becker tells the houston chronicle and khou-tv that the 41st president was recently admitted to houston methodist hospital after becoming ill. newline_char bush has been hospitalized but the 92-year-old is " fine " and expected to go home in a few days , his chief of staff told area media early wednesday . newline_char bush , who served as u.s. president from 1989 to 1993 , has a form of parkinson 's disease and uses a motorized scooter or a wheelchair for mobility . newline_char w. bush waves as he arrives at nrg stadium before the ncaa final four tournament college basketball semifinal game between villanova ... newline_char w. bush waves as he arrives at nrg stadium before the ncaa final four tournament college basketball semifinal game between villanova ...
