d now three months later , the newest airport hero arrives . newline_char ah , the airport , where modern folk heroes are made . newline_char who cares that the crazed steward got arrested , pleaded guilty to sundry charges , and probably was a rude , unpleasant sob to begin with ? newline_char bonnie and clyde were psychopaths , yet what child of the '60s did not fall in love with faye dunaway and warren beatty ? newline_char his genius was not innovation in getting out , but deconstructing the entire process of getting in . newline_char john tyner , cleverly armed with an iphone to give youtube immortality to the encounter , took exception to the tsa guard about to give him the benefit of homeland security 's newest brainstorm - the upgraded , full-palm , up the groin  story_separator_special_tag in its rush to improve airport security following the tragic 9/11 attacks , congress created a monster . newline_char airport scanners , pat-downs and tens of thousands of new federal employees have made searches too intrusive but haven ’ t made us any safer . newline_char bush and congress federalized airport security in 2001 , forming a massive new government bureaucracy that has now reportedly grown to more than 67,000 employees . newline_char as usa today reported in 2008 , “ a november gao report said investigators repeatedly smuggled liquid explosives and detonators past airport checkpoints in 2006 . newline_char poole , jr. newline_char by robert w. newline_char president george w. newline_char an internal tsa report said screeners in los angeles and chicago airports missed fake bombs on agents in more than 60 percent of tests in 2006. newline_char these days , those thousands of transportation security administration employees are conducting invasive searches , making 3-year-olds scream while they are patted down for weapons , frisking nuns , looking at naked images of your body , and forcing you to throw away perfectly good liquids . newline_char ” welcome to the security theater of the united states .
