cause it was not identified , it is unclear whether clinton realized she was potentially compromising classified information . newline_char washington ( cnn ) the inspector general for the intelligence community has informed members of congress that some material hillary clinton emailed from her private server contained classified information , but it was not identified that way . newline_char mccullough noted that " none of the emails we reviewed had classification or dissemination markings " but that some " should have been handled as classified , appropriately marked , and transmitted via a secure network . story_separator_special_tag cedar rapids , iowa ( ap ) — in an interview monday with the associated press , democratic presidential candidate hillary rodham clinton said she has " tried to not only take responsibility , because it was my decision , but to be as transparent as possible " about her use of a private email server when she was secretary of state . newline_char ( associated press ) democratic presidential candidate hillary rodham clinton speaks during an interview with the associated press , monday , sept. newline_char democratic presidential candidate hillary rodham clinton speaks during an interview with the associated press , monday , sept. newline_char ( associated press ) democratic presidential candidate hillary rodham clinton speaks during an interview with the associated press , monday , sept. newline_char clinton says she does not need to apologize ... newline_char clinton says she does not need to apologize ... newline_char 7 , 2015  story_separator_special_tag our democratic principles require that the american people be informed of the activities of their government . newline_char now , therefore , i , barack obama , by the authority vested in me as president by the constitution and the laws of newline_char nevertheless , throughout our history , the national defense has required that certain information be maintained in confidence in order to protect our citizens , our democratic institutions , our homeland security , and our interactions with foreign nations .
