eaking at a conference in sweden 's third-largest city of malmö , home to a large immigrant population , the dalai lama – who won the nobel peace prize in 1989 – said europe was " morally responsible " for helping " a refugee really facing danger against their life " . newline_char " i think europe belongs to the europeans , " he said , adding they should make clear to refugees that " they ultimately should rebuild their own country " . newline_char photo : johan nilsson/tt revered by millions of buddhists around the world , and regarded by his many supporters as a visionary in the vein of mahatma gandhi and martin luther king , the dalai lama was speaking three days after the far-right populist party sweden democrats made gains in the country 's general election on sunday . story_separator_special_tag the dalai lama argued that european countries were “ morally responsible ” for assisting “ a refugee really facing danger against their life , ” but that refugees should ultimately go back and rebuild their home countries . newline_char the dalai lama also made similar comments concerning refugees in germany in 2016 , saying that “ europe , for example germany , can not become an arab country. newline_char ( pope ’ s ‘ don ’ t close your doors ’ refugee initiative begins on the 445th anniversary of papal army driving out islamic invaders ) “ receive them , help them , educate them … but ultimately they should develop their own country , ” the dalai lama said , according to afp . newline_char the dalai lama made the comments at a conference in malmo , sweden , which has struggled with an increase in rape and violent crimes correlating to an increase in refugees from syria and other predominantly muslim countries . newline_char “ i think europe belongs to the europeans , ” he added , saying “ they ultimately should rebuild their own country. newline_char the exiled spiritual leader of tibet said wednesday that , while europe can help refugees , “ europe belongs to the europeans ” and migrants should rebuild their homelands .
