cebook says likely russia-based group paid for political ads during us election facebook said on wednesday it had found that an influence operation probably based in russia spent $ 100,000 on ads promoting divisive social and political messages in a two-year-period through may . newline_char the social media network said that many of the ads promoted 470 “ inauthentic ” accounts and pages facebook has now suspended . newline_char the ads spread polarizing views on topics such as immigration , race and gay rights , instead of backing a particular political candidate , it said . story_separator_special_tag representatives of facebook told congressional investigators wednesday that the social network has discovered that it sold ads during the u.s. presidential campaign to a shadowy russian company seeking to target voters , according to several people familiar with the company 's findings . newline_char most of the ads , according to a blog post published late wednesday by facebook 's chief security officer , alex stamos , " appeared to focus on amplifying divisive social and political messages across the ideological spectrum — touching on topics from lgbt matters to race issues to  newline_char a small portion of the ads , which began in the summer of 2015 , directly named republican nominee donald trump and democrat hillary clinton , the people said , although they declined to say which candidate the ads favored . story_separator_special_tag another $ 50,000 was spent on 2,200 “ potentially politically related ” ads , likely by russians , facebook said . newline_char other ads , such as those that mention a candidate but do not call for the candidate ’ s election or defeat , fall into what lawyers have called a legal gray area . newline_char san francisco ( reuters ) - facebook inc said on wednesday it had found that an operation likely based in russia spent $ 100,000 on thousands of u.s. ads promoting divisive social and political messages in a two-year-period through may .
