ople " familiar with tillerson conversations with friends outside washington " told cnn the mood in foggy bottom 's mahogany row has grown increasingly dark in recent days , particularly since president donald trump gave an interview to the new york times in which he publicly rebuked attorney general jeff sessions . newline_char ( mark wilson/getty images ) secretary of state rex tillerson may be considering resigning from his job as frustrations with the trump administration may have him nearing the end of his rope . newline_char tillerson and others are said to also be troubled  newline_char secretary of state rex tillerson arrives at the capitol to join secretary of defense jim mattis in briefing house members on the situation with isis on july 20 , 2017 . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson attends a joint news conference with qatar 's foreign minister sheikh mohammed bin abdulrahman al-thani in doha , qatar , july 11 , 2017 . newline_char secretary of state rex tillerson has told friends he will be  newline_char washington ( reuters ) - frustration is mounting among leading foreign policy officials in president donald trump ’ s administration as they chafe at some policy and bureaucratic defeats and complain they lack independence to do their jobs , officials say . story_separator_special_tag two sources familiar with tillerson ’ s conversations with friends told cnn over the weekend that he has grown so frustrated with president donald trump and his administration that there may soon be a “ rexit. newline_char secretary of state rex tillerson is growing increasingly frustrated with the trump administration and could quit before the year is through , according to reports . newline_char also , trump publicly assailed one of tillerson ’ s fellow cabinet members , attorney general jeff sessions , saying he regretted hiring him . newline_char ” the change in tillerson ’ s tone followed a stressful week for the secretary of state . newline_char he was found to have violated u.s. sanctions against russia while working as ceo of exxon mobil .
