by revelation , the lord commanded joseph smith to institute the practice of plural marriage among church members in the early 1840s . newline_char for more than half a century , plural marriage was practiced by some latter-day saints under the direction of the church president . newline_char latter-day saints believe that the marriage of one man and one woman is the lord ’ s standing law of marriage . newline_char 2 latter-day saints do not understand all of god ’ s purposes in instituting , through his prophets , the practice of plural marriage . newline_char plural marriage also helped create and strengthen a sense of cohesion and group identification among latter-day saints . newline_char ” 3 plural marriage did result in the birth of large numbers of children within faithful latter-day saint homes . newline_char in biblical times , the lord commanded some to practice plural marriage—the marriage of one man and more than one woman . story_separator_special_tag church leaders and members experienced these challenges as they heeded the command to practice plural marriage and again later as they worked to discontinue it after church president wilford woodruff issued an inspired statement known as the manifesto in 1890 , which led to newline_char after receiving a revelation commanding him to practice plural marriage , joseph smith married multiple wives and introduced the practice to close associates . newline_char latter-day saints believe that monogamy—the marriage of one man and one woman—is the lord ’ s standing law of marriage . newline_char 1 in biblical times , the lord commanded some of his people to practice plural marriage—the marriage of one man and more than one woman . newline_char although the lord commanded the adoption—and later the cessation—of plural marriage in the latter days , he did not give exact instructions on how to obey the commandment . newline_char significant social and cultural changes often include misunderstandings and difficulties .
