adiums affected would include the seattle mariners ’ safeco field and centurylink field , the home of the nfl ’ s seattle seahawks and mls ’ s seattle sounders . newline_char the bill was proposed by republican representatives matt shea , david taylor and bob mccaslin and would prevent stadium operators from stopping members of the public with licenses to carry concealed firearms from entering their venues with weapons . newline_char “ we haven ’ t seen the proposed legislation but we have a policy forbidding carrying a weapon into nfl stadiums , ” brian mccarthy , the nfl ’ s vice president of communications , said in a statement . newline_char conservative legislators in washington state have proposed a bill that would allow fans to bring guns into stadiums . newline_char seattle sounders hold nerve in shootout to clinch first ever mls cup read more although us sports do not have the same reputation for violence as some of the more dangerous parts of european and south american soccer , there would be obvious concerns about allow firearms into venues with alcohol and where passions can ignite . story_separator_special_tag it 's not currently illegal to carry a firearm into a game under washington law , but centurylink field , as well as safeco field and any other stadium , are allowed to prohibit folks from bringing certain items , including firearms , into said stadiums . newline_char a new proposed amendment to the revised code of washington would change laws currently prohibiting a private company , such at the seattle seahawks , from banning guns from stadiums on public land . newline_char house bill 1015 , proposed by three republican members of the state house of representatives , would eliminate the stadiums ' ability to " prohibit persons with a valid concealed pistol license from carrying a concealed pistol in any facility or on any grounds of a facility . newline_char here 's the full text of the proposed law : new section . newline_char 2 . newline_char sec .
