dated : 5:15 p.m. senate republican leaders have sent letters warning six professional sports leagues not to provide the obama administration any assistance in promoting obamacare . newline_char the senators warned the pro sports leagues that joining forces with the administration on an issue like this would be unprecedented . newline_char “ it is difficult for us to remember another occasion when major sports league took public sides in such a highly polarized public debate , ” mcconnell and cornyn wrote . newline_char the letter also suggests the obama administration could be threatening the pro sports leagues to extract support for obamacare : we have long been concerned by the obama administration ’ s record of using the threat of policy retaliation to solicit support for its policies or to silence its critics . newline_char the letters come days after health and human services secretary kathleen sebelius said she ’ s spoken with the nfl about potentially partnering to let people know the benefits of the affordable care act ahead of the implementation of its major components . newline_char “ yet given this administration ’ s public request of your assistance in promoting this unpopular law , we felt it important to provide you with a fuller accounting of the facts before you made such a decision. newline_char ( she said there was no deal yet . newline_char the letters , dated june 27 , warn the chiefs of the national football league , major league baseball , national basketball association , national hockey league , professional golf association and nascar that partnering with the administration to publicize the benefits of the health care law would damage their reputations . story_separator_special_tag to get scribd mobile enter your number and we 'll send you a link to the scribd app for iphone & android.we 've sent a link to the scribd app . newline_char if you did n't receive it , try again . newline_char there was a problem sending you an sms . newline_char check your phone number or try again later .
