ticle excerpt the obama administration said tuesday it would delay enforcing a provision of the new health-care law that requires large employers to provide coverage for workers or pay a penalty in 2014 , the biggest revision so far to the federal health-care overhaul . newline_char the delay , announced by the treasury department in a blog post tuesday , means that penalty wo n't kick in until 2015 . newline_char the law , passed in 2010 , requires companies with the equivalent of 50 or more full-time workers to offer health benefits starting on jan. newline_char 1—or pay a penalty of at least $ 2,000 per employee . story_separator_special_tag the obamacare employer mandate requiring businesses to provide their workers with health insurance will be delayed by a year , the administration said tuesday in a stunning announcement . newline_char white house officials cast the delay as a decision necessary to give employers more time to comply with the rules , while republicans said it showed president obama 's signature legislative achievement was fatally flawed . newline_char former obama adviser david axelrod on wednesday insisted history would look kindly on the law . story_separator_special_tag washington — in a significant setback for president obama ’ s signature domestic initiative , the administration on tuesday abruptly announced a one-year delay , until 2015 , in his health care law ’ s mandate that larger employers provide coverage for their workers or pay penalties . newline_char 1 . newline_char “ i am utterly astounded , ” said sara newline_char employer groups welcomed the news of the concession , which followed complaints from businesses and was posted late in the day on the white house and treasury web sites while the president was flying home from africa . newline_char while the postponement technically does not affect other central provisions of the law — in particular those establishing health insurance marketplaces in the states , known as exchanges , where uninsured americans can shop for policies — it threatens to throw into disarray the administration ’ s effort to put those provisions into effect by jan.
