errod brown sherrod campbell brownappeals court nominees languish in senate as flake demands tariff vote democrats can kiss swing voters goodbye with progressive ballot senate dems ask fema to extend puerto rico shelters more ( d ) and rob portman robert ( rob ) jones portmansens introduce bipartisan bill matching zinke proposed maintenance backlog fix on the money : trump backs off investment restrictions on china | mcconnell opens  newline_char they 're going up against ohio sens . newline_char california sens . newline_char kamala harris kamala devi harriswith ghosts of ’ 68 haunting the midterms , trump may soften rhetoric election countdown : calls to abolish ice test dem candidates | first round of house gop 'young guns ' | how tester is handling trump 's montana visit | dem candidate wo n't back schumer as leader | super pacs ramp up missouri ad buys the hill 's 12:30 report more ( d ) and dianne feinstein dianne emiel feinsteincardiology , airplanes , hd-tv and the filibuster amy coney barrett emerges as favorite on right , target for left election countdown : calls to abolish ice test dem candidates | first round of house gop 'young guns ' | how tester is handling trump 's montana visit | dem candidate wo n't back schumer as leader | super pacs ramp up missouri ad buys more ( d ) are betting on the golden state warriors in the championship series . story_separator_special_tag ( associated press ) cleveland cavaliers forward lebron james , bottom , is helped off the floor by forward jeff green ( 32 ) during the first half of game 1 of basketball 's nba finals against the golden state warriors in oakland , calif. newline_char cleveland cavaliers forward lebron james , bottom , is helped off the floor by forward jeff green ( 32 ) during the first half of game 1 of basketball 's nba finals against the golden state warriors in oakland , ... newline_char ( ap ) — the golden state warriors somehow withstood lebron james ' latest brilliance on the nba finals stage . newline_char a costly blunder by j.r. smith and a disputed foul call involving james himself sure helped . newline_char stephen curry scored 29 points and the warriors capitalized on smith 's mistake that sent the game into overtime , overcoming a 51-point performance by james to beat cleveland 124-114 in game 1 on thursday night . newline_char the game nearly over , james jawed with both curry and klay thompson , then tristan thompson and draymond green tangled moments later and made contact . newline_char james was in utter disbelief as regulation ended stunningly : george hill made the first of two free throws with 4.7 seconds left after
