nator barbara boxer ( d-ca ) today sent an open letter to san diego mayor bob filner . newline_char # # # – u.s . newline_char the text of the letter follows : dear bob , we ’ ve known each other for a long time , and have worked together on many issues that are important to the people of san diego – from creating jobs to protecting the environment to helping our veterans.so i am speaking to you now on a personal and professional level , and asking you to step down as mayor and get the help you need as a private citizen.i have already said publicly that you should resign your office as mayor because of the shocking revelations by many women about your behavior toward them.but now i must say this directly to you : bob , you must resign because you have betrayed the trust of the women you have victimized , the san diegans you represent and the people you have worked with  story_separator_special_tag san diego — mayor bob filner will complete his " voluntary " behavioral modification therapy on saturday , earlier than anticipated , his lawyers said friday . newline_char the law firm 's announcement came as the last two city council members called for filner to bow to numerous demands that he resign and " allow the healing of our city to begin . newline_char filner had said he would be in the intensive therapy program the weeks of aug. newline_char filner will take " some personal time " and be unavailable for comment , said a statement by the law firm of payne & fears , which is assisting filner in his defense against a sexual harassment lawsuit filed by a former staff member . newline_char 5 and 12 . newline_char 19 . story_separator_special_tag mayor bob filner is ending his intensive behavioral therapy triggered by sexual harassment allegations earlier than expected while officials on friday said the locks had been changed at his office . newline_char city attorney jan goldsmith confirmed that the locks were changed at the 11th-floor city hall office of the mayor but said he couldn ’ t say why . newline_char barbara boxer reiterated her call for him to step down in an impassioned open letter to the mayor .
