remy manning and kenneth norman have been doing wonderful work on memory for years , and in a remarkably cunning experiment , they provide evidence that we forget things by discarding the mental context within which those memories were first learned . newline_char | ben ambridge read more the study is a sophisticated one , and it ’ s  newline_char within days , we can barely remember the subject matter , let alone the details . newline_char at such moments , it ’ s as if we ’ ve forgotten on purpose . newline_char it might then come as a surprise to learn that until recently , there was little scientific evidence that people could have any deliberate influence on their rates of forgetting . newline_char but how does deliberate forgetting work ? newline_char an exciting new study sheds light on the question . story_separator_special_tag kean stress that , unlike their commission , the congressional panel never had a chance to investigate any of the leads contained in the 28 pages . newline_char kean , the commission chairman , and mr. newline_char now they are weighing in again as the obama administration prepares to make public at least some of the 28 pages from a separate , earlier investigation by a congressional panel that examined possible saudi government involvement in the attacks . newline_char photo the leaders of the independent commission that investigated the 9/11 attacks , former governor tom kean of new jersey and former representative lee hamilton of indiana , carried out that highly sensitive task with integrity and rigor . newline_char hamilton and mr. newline_char and “ therefore , are comparable to preliminary law enforcement notes , newline_char such allegations are adding new tensions to an already fraught saudi-american relationship . newline_char those pages were based mostly on raw , unvetted material from the f.b.i . newline_char hamilton , the vice chairman , effectively delivered this bottom line to americans : be cautious in judging the material when it becomes available .
