 a scale of 0 to 10 , the average score was 3.4 for those on opioids and 3.3 for those who weren ’ t . story_separator_special_tag abstract importance limited evidence is available regarding long-term outcomes of opioids compared with nonopioid medications for chronic pain . newline_char key points question for patients with moderate to severe chronic back pain or hip or knee osteoarthritis pain despite analgesic use , does opioid medication compared with nonopioid medication result in better pain-related function ? newline_char findings in this randomized clinical trial that included 240 patients , the use of opioid vs nonopioid medication therapy did not result in significantly better pain-related function over 12 months ( 3.4 vs 3.3 points on an 11-point scale at 12 months , respectively ) . newline_char eligible patients had moderate to severe chronic back pain or hip or knee osteoarthritis pain despite analgesic use . newline_char objective to compare opioid vs nonopioid medications over 12 months on pain-related function , pain intensity , and adverse effects . newline_char meaning this study does not support initiation of opioid therapy for moderate to severe chronic back pain or hip or knee osteoarthritis pain . story_separator_special_tag amid this worsening opioid crisis , the cdc has urged physicians to use opioids only as a newline_char and opioids are no better than these other drugs at reducing how much pain interferes with daily activities like walking , working , sleeping or enjoying life , researchers report in jama , online march 6 . newline_char ( reuters health ) - acetaminophen , ibuprofen and other nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ) are better than opioids at easing the intensity of chronic pain in the back , knees or hips , a u.s. experiment suggests . newline_char “ we already knew opioids were more dangerous than other treatment options , because they put people at risk for accidental death and addiction , ” said lead study author dr.
