searchers from brazil last month published results from the first clinical test of a potential therapeutic benefit for ayahuasca , a south american plant-based brew . newline_char a psychedelic drink used for centuries in healing ceremonies is now attracting the attention of biomedical scientists as a possible treatment for depression . story_separator_special_tag but more recently scientists have been investigating ayahuasca as a treatment for psychological conditions such as ptsd and anxiety . newline_char ayahuasca is made from a jungle vine and shrub leaves and contains the chemical dimethyltryptamine , which makes it illegal in most countries ( though many allow its consumption for religious purposes ) . newline_char now a team of brazilian researchers is testing the potion to treat depression , with promising preliminary results . newline_char people come to the region from all over the world to take ayahuasca in order to make better contact with their emotions within or the spirits beyond -- or simply to try the drug recreationally . story_separator_special_tag this week , the results of the first clinical trial investigating ayahuasca as a treatment for depression were published in the brazilian review of psychiatry . newline_char for the small study , neuroscientists at the university of sao paulo in brazil gave ayahuasca to volunteers who had been diagnosed with depression that proved resistant to at least one type of newline_char now , the substance has caught the attention of not only the american tourists and spiritual seekers traveling to south america to participate ayahuasca retreats , but also medical researchers , who are investigating ayahuasca ( also known as the " spirit vine " ) as a treatment for mental health problems such as depression and post-traumatic stress disorder . newline_char for centuries , amazonian shamans have been brewing ayahuasca , a hallucinogenic plant-based tea , for use in traditional healing ceremonies . newline_char its publication marks a promising early step toward clinical use of the psychotropic substance as a treatment for depression and other mental health problems .
