associated press ) while lawmaker hossein naqvi hosseini is n't a government spokesman nor a member of iran 's nuclear negotiation team , his comments touch on a major concession wanted by western powers _ halting production of enriched uranium that could be used to build nuclear  newline_char a prominent iranian lawmaker said tehran does n't need any more 20 percent-enriched uranium , a news agency covering the country 's parliament reported late wednesday night , a key point in negotiations between the islamic republic and the west . newline_char in this picture taken on friday , nov. story_separator_special_tag by most accounts , the negotiations in geneva over iran ’ s nuclear program are going well . newline_char iran 's announcement that it has halted enriching uranium to a level close to bomb-grade appears to signal rare progress in nuclear talks . newline_char but there is much working against a deal . newline_char diplomats have been tight-lipped , but signals sent by iran and by diplomats from the us and other world powers indicate the sides are finding common ground in the dispute over iran 's nuclear intentions . story_separator_special_tag ( photo : ebrahim noroozi , ap ) story highlights the obama administration has said iran is probably a year away from having enough enriched uranium to make a bomb iranian president hassan rouhani has said his country has no interest in nuclear weapons u.n. inspectors have found evidence of a weapons program iran could produce enough weapons-grade uranium to build a nuclear bomb in  newline_char iran 's president hassan rouhani , second left , gives a speech during an annual military parade in tehran , iran , sept , 22 , 2013 . newline_char iran could produce enough weapons-grade uranium to build a nuclear bomb in as little as a month , according to a new estimate by one of the usa 's top nuclear experts . story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to .
