inton ’ s new plan , which she will discuss on the campaign trail today , includes a raft of ideas : closing loopholes in the background check system ; more aggressive action to revoke the licenses of gun dealers who knowingly supply so-called “ straw purchasers ” ; and repealing a law that protects gun manufacturers from liability for gun violence . newline_char but the most controversial aspect of clinton ’ s plan is this : she vowed to take executive action to partly close the loophole that allows private sellers to peddle guns without a background check if congress doesn ’ t . newline_char in the wake of the oregon shooting , it now looks as if political gunfights will be breaking out all over the presidential race . newline_char gun control advocates point out that under federal law , those “ engaged in the business ” of  newline_char how to combat gun violence could become a real issue in the 2016 race : the republican presidential candidates have seemed to adopt the position that there is little the federal government can do about it , and today , in an effort to contrast with that willfully defeatist posture , hillary clinton rolled out some concrete proposals . story_separator_special_tag ( ap ) in response to the latest mass shooting during his presidency , president obama is seriously considering circumventing congress with his executive authority and imposing new background-check requirements for buyers who purchase weapons from high-volume gun dealers . newline_char , on friday to comfort the survivors and families of those killed in last week ’ s mass shooting at umpqua community college , the political calculus around his most vexing domestic policy issue is shifting once again . newline_char ( ap ) speaking at the white house on thursday evening , a visibly frustrated and emotional president obama remarked on the deadly shooting at a community college in oregon . newline_char speaking at the white house on thursday evening , a visibly frustrated and emotional president obama remarked on the deadly shooting at a community college in oregon . newline_char after the dec. newline_char as the president heads to roseburg , ore.
