professor at one of germany 's oldest universities apologised on monday for denying an internship to an indian student because of the “ rape problem in india ” after the german ambassador strongly condemned the incident . newline_char in an email purportedly sent by the professor to this student , she wrote she no longer accepted “ any male indian guests , trainees , doctoral students , or post docs due to the severe rape problem in india ” . newline_char the matter came to light after a colleague of the indian student posted emails exchanged between annette g beck-sickinger , the professor at leipzig university , and the student on the question-and-answer site quora . newline_char the issue emerged amidst a renewed debate on the country 's poor record in women 's safety , especially after the controversy generated by the banned documentary , india 's daughter , which purportedly highlights the misogynist mindset of indian men . newline_char i sincerely apologise to everyone whose feelings i have hurt . newline_char her  story_separator_special_tag while any professor would be concerned for the safety of her students ( both male and female ) , using a wide brush to paint every indian male as a potential rapist sounds unbecoming of someone of her station . newline_char to being with , from the snapshots above - her rationale for refusing to accept an indian male for internship does appear illogical . newline_char i 've been holding off answering this question for a while , as there are some missing pieces in this puzzle . newline_char her  newline_char thank you for the a2a . newline_char she also comes off as someone with a messiah complex , what with the idea of denying indian male students opportunities for higher education in europe as a 'carrot ' for social engineering . story_separator_special_tag starting in 1996 , alexa internet has been donating their crawl data to the internet archive . newline_char flowing in every day , these data are added to the wayback machine after an embargo period .
