c news paul anthony ciancia the gunman who sent travelers diving for cover and fleeing onto the tarmac — identified by authorities as 23-year-old los angeles resident paul anthony ciancia — was shot in the chest by law enforcement and taken into custody in critical condition . newline_char a man carrying anti-government material and an assault rifle shot his way through security at los angeles international airport on friday , killing a transportation security administration worker and wounding two others — after sending a suicidal text message to his family , authorities said . newline_char hernandez is the first officer to have been killed in the line of duty in the agency 's 12-year history . story_separator_special_tag 1 , 2013 , in los angeles , after shots were fired at terminal  newline_char a suspected gunman was in custody friday following a shooting at los angeles airport that ... newline_char ( associated press ) a passenger walks with her luggage while leaving the los angeles international airport on friday nov. newline_char ( associated press ) in this photo provided by natalie morin , people stand on the tarmac after being evacuated from los angeles international airport , friday , nov. newline_char shots were fired friday at los angeles international airport , ... newline_char ( associated press ) in this aerial video frame grab provided by cbs-la , fire and rescue personnel gather at los angeles international airport on friday nov. newline_char gasaya ichihara , left , runs across the street with her daughter , sachika ichihara , as they try to make their flight to japan at los angeles international airport on friday , nov. story_separator_special_tag the chief called los angeles police , which sent a patrol car to ciancia 's apartment . newline_char the young man believed to have carried out a shooting at los angeles international airport had sent a sibling a text message mentioning suicide , leading their father to seek authorities ' help in finding him , a new jersey police chief said friday .
