rry jones , the swivel-eyed pastor who attracted worldwide notoriety for his threat to burn the qur'an on the anniversary of september 11 , may or may not have a deal . newline_char based on his bizarre press conference on thursday , jones thinks he struck an agreement to move the site of the park 51 muslim cultural centre and mosque away from its current location , which is not very close to the site of the world trade centre in new york city . newline_char the most significant news yesterday , prior to jones 's decision to scrap the burning , came from fox news  newline_char latest reports suggest that no such thing was agreed but that wo n't matter to jones . newline_char jones 's threats will be subject to the law of diminishing returns . newline_char but let 's hope he has burst the qur'an-burning bubble for the rest of america . newline_char next time he threatens to do burn a qur'an – and i fear there will be a next time – he 'll be handled with much more caution by the us media , which has made itself look ridiculous in being outfoxed by the crackpot pastor of a miniscule church in the swamps of florida . story_separator_special_tag but plans for a similar stunt by another fringe pastor , terry jones , have garnered worldwide news media attention this summer , attention that peaked thursday when he announced he was canceling — and later , that he had only “ suspended ” — what he had dubbed international burn a koran day . newline_char jones was able to put himself at the center of those issues by using the news lull of summer and the demands of a 24-hour news cycle to promote his anti-islam cause . newline_char jones ’ s planned event in gainesville , fla. newline_char he said he consented to more than 150 interview requests in july and august , each time expressing his extremist views about islam newline_char , an almost universally condemned group of fundamentalists who also protest at military funerals . newline_char 11 terrorist attacks . newline_char and they were ignored .
