shington ( ap ) — mandatory 21-day quarantines on health care workers returning from ebola-ravaged west africa , like those put in place by three states , can have the unintended consequence of discouraging them from volunteering , a top federal health official said sunday . newline_char ( associated press ) file-this feb. newline_char , friday , oct. story_separator_special_tag chris christie says he has no second thoughts about enacting a 21-day medical quarantine on medical workers returning from treating ebola patients in west africa . newline_char " the fact of the matter is that the cdc protocol , as dr. story_separator_special_tag quarantines of health care workers returning from treating ebola patients in west africa might not be the best scientific approach , the director of the national institute for allergy and infectious diseases said sunday . newline_char three states — new york , new jersey and illinois — enacted medical quarantines of workers coming home from working in west africa . newline_char and anthony fauci said on " fox news sunday " there 's concern about the quarantine keeping others from volunteering . newline_char ( also on politico : rick scott implements ebola monitoring ) " guidelines regarding how you handle people from coming back should  story_separator_special_tag illinois , new jersey and new york recently imposed mandatory 21-day quarantines for health care professionals returning from treating ebola patients in west africa . newline_char ( watch : sunday shows in 90 seconds ) " science has told us , if we are to take them at newline_char darrell issa said on sunday the public lacks confidence in the obama administration 's ability to handle the ebola crisis . newline_char but issa said on cnn 's " state of the union " that mandatory quarantines might not be the best way for states to contain the disease . newline_char rep. newline_char the california republican , who chairs the house oversight and government reform committee , said governors of both parties are reacting to an absence of presidential leadership .
