cnn ) members of the british royal air force are sending a message to isis in a storied way -- scrawled on the outside of a bomb . newline_char " love from manchester ❤ , " it reads , in all caps . newline_char read more  newline_char he newline_char it 's unclear when or where the image was created or if the bomb was ever dropped -- but in an email to cnn an raf spokesperson confirmed the photo is " genuine . story_separator_special_tag an image has surfaced of a bomb with the words “ love from manchester ” written on it , confirmed to be genuine by the ministry of defence ( although , perhaps because of how outrageous the sentiment seems , it was originally dismissed by many as “ fake news ” . newline_char corbyn 's speech on terrorism as headlines across the media scream “ corbyn says uk policy caused manchester attack ! newline_char what happened at the manchester arena this week is proof enough of that . newline_char ) after the appalling tragedy in my hometown of manchester on monday night , the photograph sickens me . newline_char the people of manchester have pulled together in a time of crisis , showing incredible strength in supporting one another , regardless of religion , ethnicity or background . newline_char manchester is grieving . newline_char it is the very embodiment of “ an eye for an eye ” , which we all know leaves the whole world blind . newline_char we want healing , not more violence and horror . newline_char he newline_char the words written on the bomb are an unpleasant example of everything that ’ s wrong with our current approach to foreign policy and our penchant for funding chaotic conflicts that further destabilise countries and create the conditions ideal for extremism to flourish . newline_char he doesn ’ t blame our foreign policy for causing these things to happen , perpetrated as they are by violent and unforgivable individuals , but rather addresses the fact that the “ war on terror ” isn ’ t working because it isn ’ t keeping us safe in britain .
