ese crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . newline_char crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . newline_char that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page 's authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web . story_separator_special_tag not only is she the ceo of a non-profit organization for children , she ’ s also the woman behind the nationwide petition to put a stop to shawty lo ’ s “ all my babies ’ mamas ” reality show on oxygen . newline_char after viewing the pilot for the impending reality show that a friend sent her , sabrina said she was horrified and saddened . story_separator_special_tag the premise of lo 's upcoming reality show " all my babies ' mamas " got critics in a tizzy , but it does n't seem like the " dey know " rapper is sweating things very much . newline_char in an exclusive interview with mtv news , l-o made it clear that he was not at liberty to discuss the upcoming oxygen show , but he did spell out his life story for us , including his role as a father of 11 and the  newline_char shawty lo is no stranger to drama . story_separator_special_tag just when you thought reality television couldn ’ t go any lower… advocacy group the parents television council ( ptc ) has this week turned its attention to oxygen ’ s in-development reality television special “ all my babies ’ mamas , ” which features rapper shawty lo and the 11 children he has fathered with ten different women . newline_char “ hollywood doesn ’ t think there is such a thing as ‘ too low , ’ so it will continue to find even more base material. newline_char oxygen should be more responsible
