i wanted to see a new attorney general who would be faithful to law , but her answers made that impossible , " cruz said of lynch 's confirmation hearing , saying in a 10-minute speech on the senate floor that she had " embraced the lawlessness " of eric holder 's tenure . newline_char ted cruz argued against nominating loretta lynch as attorney general , calling her unsuitable for the job . story_separator_special_tag ted cruz took to the senate floor on thursday to urge his republican colleagues to vote against attorney general nominee loretta lynch . newline_char when the final confirmation vote came a few hours later , cruz — a candidate for the 2016 presidential nomination— skipped the vote . newline_char cruz 's communications direction amanda carpenter did not provide a reason for the senator 's absence but said in an emailed statement that his " opposition to the nomination has been clear , " noting that earlier in the day he had voted to filibuster her nomination . story_separator_special_tag john shinkle/politico cruz , vocal lynch critic , skips confirmation vote sen. newline_char ted cruz skipped the vote to confirm loretta lynch as attorney general on thursday — just three hours after he took to the senate floor to rail against her nomination . newline_char “ eric holder began disregarding the constitution and laws after he was confirmed as attorney general , ” the texas republican , who is running for the republican presidential nomination in 2016 , said on the senate floor shortly after 11 a.m. story_separator_special_tag cruz missed the confirmation vote so he could catch to texas , said spokeswoman catherine frazier in an email . newline_char ted cruz came back to the capitol on thursday to oppose attorney general nominee loretta lynch ’ s confirmation — and to accuse fellow republicans of rolling over for the white house by agreeing to install her as nation ’ s chief law enforcement officer . newline_char she also said cruz led the charge against lynch ’ s confirmation and those
