peace sign was etched in white on one of the black tarps , along with the words " a tribute to ... newline_char " the hollywood sign surveillance system is constantly evolving but an incident like the one that occurred early sunday morning shows us where there are opportunities to make improvements , " chris baumgart , chairman of the hollywood sign trust , said monday in a statement to the hollywood reporter . newline_char " this is more than preventing pranks or trespassing at the sign . newline_char but the hollywood sign trust , the non-profit organization that oversees maintenance for the landmark , is looking to improve its security in the wake of this rare high-profile prank . newline_char " who hauled tarps up the santa monica mountains to change an iconic sign to " hollyweed " hours before los angeles woke up on sunday ? newline_char it 's unclear if there was a message to the sign aside from the reference to california opting to vote for marijuana legalization in the november election . newline_char the hollywood sign trust says it " will be deploying additional technology to tighten up surveillance and thus deter unwanted visitors in the future . newline_char the sign was said to be restored to normal conditions mid-morning on new year 's day , with no noticeable enduring damage . newline_char " the other tarp had a heart shape on it and some writing . newline_char it 's a mystery for now . newline_char by monday , from a distance , it looked as it usually does on a cloudy day . newline_char the  newline_char but there has been no arrest made or suspect publicly identified . newline_char our concern is the safety of the neighborhood and the trespassers that put themselves at risk because it is extremely unsafe to be on the sign , let alone traversing the treacherous hillside that is home to those 9 famous letters. story_separator_special_tag " the surveillance system is like a chain , " chris baumgart , chairman of the hollywood sign trust , said monday . newline_char the 
