shington president barack obama would veto a bill recently introduced in the u.s. senate allowing congress to weigh in on any deal the united states and other negotiating countries reach with iran on its nuclear capabilities , the white house said on saturday . story_separator_special_tag washington/jerusalem ( reuters ) - the united states and israel showed signs of seeking to defuse tensions on sunday ahead of a speech in washington by israeli leader benjamin netanyahu when he will warn against a possible nuclear deal with iran . newline_char policy differences over the negotiations with iran remained firm , however , as netanyahu set off for the united states to deliver the speech , which has imperiled ties between the two allies . story_separator_special_tag vienna ( reuters ) - the u.n. nuclear watchdog chief said on monday iran was being slow to cooperate with his agency ’ s investigation into the iranian atomic program and that the inquiry could not continue indefinitely . story_separator_special_tag photo advertisement continue reading the main story washington — president obama and prime minister benjamin netanyahu of israel offered radically divergent approaches to the perils of a nuclear-armed iran on monday even as they tried to cool down the personal nature of a long-distance dispute that has inflamed relations between the united states and israel for more than a month . story_separator_special_tag an agreement on iran ’ s nuclear program would be a momentous event in american-iranian relations , and one that white house officials insist is the best hope for constraining tehran ’ s nuclear ambitions and easing decades of animosity between iran and the united states . story_separator_special_tag israeli prime minister netanyahu visits jerusalem 's holy western wall hours ahead of trip to washington where he is expected to deliver controversial congress speech on iran . newline_char ( reuters ) israeli prime minister netanyahu visits jerusalem 's holy western wall hours ahead of trip to washington where he is expected to deliver controversial congress speech on iran .
