thorities are searching for luka rocco magnotta , 29 , who they allege is responsible for a human torso discovered in montreal , thought to be linked to a human hand and foot that were separately mailed from montreal to ottawa . newline_char magnotta , also known as eric clinton newman , is a montreal resident who allegedly knew the victim , identified only as a white male , montreal  story_separator_special_tag body parts found sean kilpatrick/the canadian press a police officer removes a package containg a human foot from the conservative party headquarters in ottawa  story_separator_special_tag magnotta is wanted in the shocking case of a dismembered body whose parts were mailed to different places including the headquarters  newline_char magnotta is wanted in the shocking case of a dismembered body whose parts were mailed to different places including the headquarters of the conservative party of canada . newline_char ( the canadian press/ho-www.luka-magnotta.com ) view larger image luka rocco magnotta , 29 , is seen is this photograph provided by police in montreal . newline_char view larger image luka magnotta is shown in a photo from the website www.luka-magnotta.com . newline_char view larger image luka rocco magnotta , 29 , is seen is this photograph provided by police in montreal . newline_char view larger image luka rocco magnotta is shown in a photo from the website www.luka-magnotta.com . story_separator_special_tag montreal police say luka rocco magnotta is wanted in a homicide investigation in connection to the delivery of a human foot to the conservative party of canada headquarters in ottawa , and body parts discovered in both cities . newline_char police said magnotta , 29 , is wanted on a canada-wide warrant and police are asking for the public 's help to find him . newline_char magnotta is also known as eric clinton newman and as vladimir romanov . newline_char police said magnotta knew the person whose torso was found in montreal on tuesday , but have yet to identify the victim .
