irut , lebanon — the syrian military shelled rebel targets in urban enclaves on thursday as it readied assault troops and armored columns for a possible invasion of aleppo , syria ’ s densely populated commercial capital , where insurgents have embedded themselves over the past week in preparation for a battle . newline_char antigovernment activists reached by phone and skype in aleppo said that the city ’ s civilian population was gripped by foreboding as government forces massed on the southern outskirts , and that fierce street clashes had sporadically erupted . story_separator_special_tag thousands of troops and opposition forces had been dispatched to the city , as well as 100 tanks and a large number of other military vehicles ( see 1.39pm ) . newline_char • us officials are reported to favour defected brigadier general manaf tlass as a successor to president assad ; others doubt that he would be acceptable to syrians ( see 9.47am ) . newline_char saudi arabia appears to be wooing tlass too ( see 11.23am ) . newline_char • rebel forces in damascus have retreated to the southern district of hajar  newline_char here 's a roundup of the latest developments relating to syria : • the government 's counter-offensive against aleppo is due to start on friday or saturday , afp reports citing a security source . story_separator_special_tag amman/beirut ( reuters ) - president bashar al-assad 's forces renewed a ground and aerial bombardment of aleppo on friday , extending efforts to crush rebels in syria 's commercial capital in what the united states said it feared could become a massacre . newline_char picture taken july 25 , 2012 . newline_char 1 of 12 . newline_char a building burns after shelling at juret al-shayah in homs city july 25 , 2012 . story_separator_special_tag his report contains unverified graphic images of the victims of syria 's conflict syrian rebels in aleppo have begun stockpiling ammunition and medical supplies as government forces prepare outside the city for a major battle .
