e us military 's takeover of emergency operations in haiti has triggered a diplomatic row with countries and aid agencies furious at having flights redirected . newline_char " the squabbling came amid signs that aid was reaching some of the hundreds of thousands of people in desperate need of water , food and medicine six days after a magnitude 7 earthquake levelled the capital , killing more than 100,000 , according to haitian authorities . newline_char brasilia warned it would not ­relinquish command of un forces in haiti , and paris complained the airport had become a us " annexe " , exposing a brewing power struggle amid the global relief effort . newline_char the red cross and médecins sans frontières also complained about diverted flights . newline_char " this is an extremely difficult situation , " he told ap . newline_char " we must keep our cool to co-ordinate and not throw accusations at each other . newline_char " i am here with a message of hope that help is on the way , "  story_separator_special_tag but with haitian officials relying so heavily on the united states , the united nations and many different aid groups , coordination was posing a critical challenge . newline_char the united nations also confirmed the death of three of its most senior officials in the quake : the secretary general ’ s special representative for haiti , hédi annabi ; his deputy , luiz carlos da costa ; and the acting police commissioner for the peacekeeping force , doug coates of the royal canadian mounted police . newline_char they were meeting with eight members of newline_char we need help . newline_char ” haitian officials said the bodies of tens of thousands of victims had already been recovered and that hundreds of thousands of people were living on the streets . newline_char an airport hobbled by only one suitable runway , a ruined port whose main pier splintered into the ocean , roads blocked by rubble , widespread fuel shortages and a lack of drivers to move the aid into the city are compounding the problems .
