updated by kurt chirbas , alice tidey and elizabeth chuck thousands of north carolina residents were allowed to return home wednesday after a landslide caused by heavy rains prompted mandatory evacuations near a dam , officials said . newline_char et wednesday after the tahoma dam was inspected by an engineer and officials determined that the landslide had compromised its integrity . newline_char mcdowell county update : a landslide has comprised the integrity of lake tahoma dam . newline_char mcdowell county update : a landslide has comprised the integrity of lake tahoma dam . story_separator_special_tag 00:55 evacuation orders lifted in north carolina flood threat the evacuation orders in mcdowell county , n.c. have been lifted , and an engineer has deemed the lake tahoma dam safe for now . newline_char evacuations have been lifted after a dam in western north carolina was deemed structurally sound despite earlier fears that mudslides and flooding triggered by tropical depression alberto could cause the structure to fail . newline_char wednesday morning , an engineer deemed the dam safe and all evacuations were lifted . story_separator_special_tag mcdowell county update : a landslide has comprised the integrity of lake tahoma dam . newline_char mcdowell county update : a landslide has comprised the integrity of lake tahoma dam . newline_char mandatory evacuations underway from the dam at lake shore dr to lake tahoma rd ( nc 80 ) to the confluence of the catawba river near resistoflex rd and riverside park . story_separator_special_tag authorities in western north carolina canceled evacuations in an area south of the lake tahoma dam , which had been in " imminent danger " of failing after a landslide . newline_char after midnight tuesday , the national weather service had declared a flash flood emergency in the area : mcdowell county emergency management reports water is spilling around the sides of lake tahoma dam . newline_char evacuations ongoing south of the dam .
