 the request of doctors , the state office of children and family services had already launched an investigation into whether spears was harming her son before garnett died jan. newline_char spears often blogged about garnett ’ s deteriorating medical condition . newline_char prosecutors on tuesday said spears fed her son lethal amounts of salt and that the mother had conducted internet research about the effects salt would have on the boy . newline_char her son , garnett , who was fitted with a feeding tube because of nourishment issues , died in january of sodium poisoning at westchester medical center , authorities said . newline_char new york ( cbsnewyork ) — a mother has been charged in westchester county with systematically poisoning her 5-year-old son to death . newline_char lacey spears , 26 , pleaded not guilty tuesday to charges of second-degree depraved murder and first-degree manslaughter , cbs 2 ’ s lou young reported . story_separator_special_tag lacey spears pleaded not guilty tuesday to murder and manslaughter charges in the poisoning death of her five-year-old son , garnett . newline_char buy photo lacey spears , 26 , enters state supreme court on tuesday , to be arraigned on murder and manslaughter charges in the death of her five-year-old son , garnett . newline_char 23 at maria fareri children 's hospital in valhalla investigators suspect munchausen by proxy , that she sickened her son to garner sympathy spears documented the boy 's illness on social media , posting photos from his deathbed his killing , police said , was the final act of a deranged mother who , fueled by attention on social media , medically tortured her child for years . newline_char assistant district attorney doreen lloyd presented the government 's case , focusing on spears ' time at nyack hospital between newline_char the only words the 26-year-old alabama native uttered in state supreme court in white plains were " yes , sir , " when justice barry warhit asked if she was lacey spears .
