xt size - + reset politico junkies : obama damage control continues obama irs latest : ‘ inexcusable ’ the president also plans to appoint a new acting irs commissioner this week , a senior administration official told politico thursday . newline_char on wednesday evening , obama began to do just that . newline_char just over an hour later , obama himself came to the podium to announce that he ’ d directed his treasury secretary to request the resignation of the acting irs commissioner — and had gotten it . newline_char the white house released 100 pages of emails and documents showing the evolution of the administration ’ s talking points about the benghazi attack . story_separator_special_tag the benghazi debacle and the irs ’ s targeting of conservative groups are , as it were , “ tier one ” scandals : the former because it involves obfuscation and cynical political calculation in the matter of the murder of four americans by jihadists , the latter because it comprises systematic governmental discrimination against conservatives for exercising the core right to political speech . newline_char the confiscation is sure to chill the ap ’ s relationship with its sources , and normalizing such a practice would certainly chill the exercise of a free press . story_separator_special_tag the benghazi dispute , he complains , is brazen politics , and the white house released e-mails wednesday meant to show that the president ’ s close aides had little involvement in its most hotly debated aspect . newline_char obama may be right about some of the things he can not do , but he has also struggled lately to present a vision of what he can do . newline_char he likewise had nothing to do with the justice department seizure of phone records of reporters for the associated press , aides say . newline_char mr. newline_char advertisement continue reading the main story all of which raises the question of how a president with grand ambitions and shrinking horizons can use his office .
