reuters ) - u.s. judges in at least five states blocked federal authorities from enforcing president donald trump ’ s executive order restricting immigration from seven muslim-majority countries . newline_char ” trump ’ s order halted travel by people with passports from iran , iraq , libya ,  newline_char judges in california , massachusetts , virginia and washington state , each home to international airports , issued their rulings after a similar order was issued on saturday night by u.s. district judge ann donnelly in new york ’ s brooklyn borough . newline_char however , lawyers representing people covered by the order said some authorities were unwilling on sunday to follow the judges ’ rulings . newline_char the rulings add to questions about the constitutionality of the order , said andrew pincus , a mayer brown partner representing two yemeni men who were denied u.s. entry from an overseas flight despite being legal permanent residents . story_separator_special_tag andrew cuomo says six people barred from entering the u.s. because of president donald trump 's travel ban remained in detention at kennedy airport on sunday afternoon . newline_char 29 , 2017.b president donald trump ’ s immigration order sowed more confusion and outrage across the ... newline_char 29 , 2017.b president donald trump ’ s immigration order sowed more confusion and outrage across the country sunday , with travelers detained at airports , panicked families searching for relatives and protesters ... newline_char immigration lawyers worked through the day to try and gain the release of several people being held at the airport , with some success . newline_char ( associated press ) protesters rally against president trump 's refugee ban at miami international airport on sunday , jan. newline_char protesters rally against president trump 's refugee ban at miami international airport on sunday , jan. newline_char ( associated press ) london ( ap ) — the latest on president donald trump , his travel ban on seven muslim-majority countries and other immigration actions ( all times local ) : 8:35 p.m. new york gov .
