cnn ) president donald trump 's son-in-law and senior adviser , jared kushner , had his white house security clearance restored wednesday , a person familiar with the matter said , after months of uncertainty stemming in part from his role in the ongoing investigation by special counsel robert mueller . newline_char kushner met with mueller 's investigators a second time in april and answered questions for seven hours , according to his attorney , abbe lowell . newline_char the kushner team believes he is now finished with all ongoing inquiries , which also include the investigations by congressional committees , according to a person close to kushner . newline_char on each occasion , he  newline_char " since then , he has continued this complete cooperation , providing a large number of documents and sitting for hours of interviews with congressional committees and providing numerous documents and sitting for two interviews with the office of special counsel . story_separator_special_tag washington — jared kushner , president trump ’ s son-in-law and senior adviser , has been granted his permanent security clearance , a person briefed on the matter said on wednesday , ending a period of uncertainty that had fueled questions about whether mr. newline_char kushner , who is married to mr. newline_char kushner was in peril in the special counsel investigation . newline_char kushner ’ s meetings with russian officials , it left open the question of whether investigators had uncovered evidence that made newline_char but with the special counsel investigating some of mr. newline_char trump ’ s daughter ivanka trump , eligible to view some of the united states ’ most closely guarded secrets , including the daily intelligence briefing that mr. newline_char kushner is a senior presidential aide with a prominent role in middle east diplomacy . newline_char kushner ’ s delay reflected legal problems on the horizon . newline_char but his f.b.i . newline_char top-secret clearances are typically required for people viewing foreign intelligence or sitting in on high-level white house meetings . newline_char the permanent clearances make mr. newline_char even some inside the administration suspected that mr. newline_char mr.
