ese crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . newline_char crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . newline_char that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page 's authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web . story_separator_special_tag so over the holiday weekend , on the 33rd anniversary of christy ’ s disappearance , the palm beach county sheriff ’ s department used an eerily unorthodox campaign to resurrect the girl ’ s story — by resurrecting the girl . newline_char beginning may 26 , the date before christy disappeared , authorities let her imagined voice “ take over ” their facebook and twitter to recount in real time what she could have been thinking and feeling during her kidnapping all those years ago . newline_char “ let me take you back to 1984 , the time when i was a happy child , living in greenacres with mommy , my sister allie , mama kitty and her babies , ” the sheriff ’ s office tweeted friday morning , pretending as though christy had typed the words herself . newline_char christy left her home in greenacres , fla. newline_char i was never found and this is my story… # justice4luna pic.twitter.com/xafbv9mqpi — pbso ( @ pbcountysheriff ) may 26 , 2017 the day she disappeared , 8-year-old christy luna wore freckles , a turquoise body suit and no shoes . newline_char for decades , detectives chased leads across the country , investigated at least four different men and kept in contact with christy ’ s distraught but undeterred mother , jennie johnson , who was napping when her daughter disappeared . newline_char hi , my name is marjorie " christy " luna . newline_char still , the case stalled , producing no arrests and no christy . newline_char then christy vanished . newline_char “ who would have thought that
