we were surprised at how the divergence in mortality between men and women , which originated as early as 1870 , was concentrated in the 50 to 70 age range and  newline_char but why does this occur , and was this always the case ? newline_char in the wake of this massive but uneven decrease in mortality , a review of global data points to heart disease as the culprit behind most of the excess deaths documented in adult men , said usc university professor and aarp professor of gerontology eileen crimmins . newline_char credit : george hodan/public domain across the entire world , women can expect to live longer than men . story_separator_special_tag so perhaps it ’ s time to look at how stem cell behavior differs in men and women , stanford ’ s ben dulken and anne brunet argue in a cell stem cell paper published this week . newline_char ” adult stem  newline_char that ’ s more than 95 percent ! newline_char in most mammals the two sexes age differently , and even though we ’ ve noticed this in our own species since the mid-18th century , researchers still haven ’ t been able to understand exactly why . newline_char “ as the search continues for ways to ameliorate the aging process and maintain the regenerative capacity of stem cells , ” they write , “ let us not forget one of the most effective aging modifiers : sex. newline_char but we do know that one of the most telltale signs of aging is the functional decline of stem cells . story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . newline_char crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . newline_char that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page 's authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
