rmer winnipeg broadcast personality and red river college journalism instructor steve vogelsang has been charged with two counts of robbery involving two separate banks in alberta . newline_char vogelsang and his wife moved from winnipeg to nelson , b.c. newline_char police arrested vogelsang on saturday at a hotel in the same area as the banks , just after 3 a.m. ct. newline_char steve vogelsang has been charged in the robberies . newline_char after spending 24 years together , vogelsang and his wife separated in 2015 and he moved  newline_char in march , a former student he had dated was granted a protection order against him . newline_char police in medicine hat say a man walked into a royal bank in the southeastern alberta city on oct. newline_char , after he left his post at red river college . story_separator_special_tag ctv news has learned former college instructor and broadcaster stephen vogelsang has been charged in connection with two alberta bank robberies , and has been dealing with criminal charges in winnipeg . newline_char ctv news has learned vogelsang returned to red river college , working on a part-time basis sometime after moving back to winnipeg from nelson b.c. newline_char vogelsang , 53 , was charged with two counts of robbery in connection to two bank robberies in medicine hat , alta . newline_char vogelsang is also a former sports anchor and news director at cky-tv , now ctv winnipeg . newline_char on monday medicine hat police service said vogelsang was arrested saturday in the city , located about three hours southeast of calgary . newline_char the well-known winnipeg personality taught journalism at red river college between 2002 and 2011 . newline_char he worked at the station between 1992 and 2002 . newline_char , in 2014 , up until this past summer . newline_char “ there were no weapons seen or brandished by the accused . newline_char “ i can confirm he is no longer an employee here , ” said conor lloyd spokesperson for red river college .
