e patient did not receive testicles from his donor to avoid the ethical issues that might ensue if he later had children , said damon cooney , another transplant team member . newline_char ( april 23 ) ap surgeons at the johns hopkins university school of medicine announced monday that they have performed the first total penis and scrotum transplant on an american military veteran . newline_char ( photo : getty images ) a u.s. serviceman severely injured several years ago in an ied blast in afghanistan has received the world 's first total penis and scrotum transplant , surgeons at the johns hopkins university school of medicine announced monday . newline_char close doctors at a baltimore hospital have performed the world 's most extensive penis transplant , this one also involving the scrotum and part of the abdominal wall . newline_char the man , whose identity was not released , is recovering well and expected to regain both urinary and sexual function , richard redett , who led the transplant team , said at a monday telephone news conference . story_separator_special_tag saying they wanted to address " an unspoken injury of war , " johns hopkins university surgeons rebuilt the man 's entire pelvic region — transplanting a penis , scrotum and part of the abdominal wall from a deceased donor — in a highly experimental 14-hour operation last month . newline_char the scrotum transplant did not include the donor 's testicles , meaning reproduction wo n't be possible . newline_char those transplants involved only the penis , not extensive surrounding tissue that made this transplant much more complex . newline_char washington ( ap ) — a veteran who lost his genitals from a blast in afghanistan has received the world 's most extensive penis transplant , and doctors said monday he is recovering well and expected to leave the hospital this week . newline_char such transplants " can help those warriors with missing genitalia just as hand and arm transplant transformed the lives of amputees , " dr.
