nce the late 1970s , china has moved from a closed , centrally planned system to a more market-oriented one that plays a major global role . newline_char from 2013 to 2017 , china had one of the fastest growing economies in the world , averaging slightly more than 7 % real growth per year . newline_char china continues to pursue an industrial policy , state support of key sectors , and a restrictive investment regime . newline_char still , china 's per capita income is below the world average . newline_char china became the world 's largest exporter in 2010 , and the largest trading nation in 2013 . newline_char china has implemented reforms in a gradualist fashion , resulting in efficiency gains that have contributed to a more than tenfold increase in gdp since 1978 . story_separator_special_tag “ china ’ s got a lot of things that require a state to have military hardware for , ” geoff raby , who was australia ’ s ambassador to china until last year , said in a telephone interview . newline_char ” satellite maker rises china north optical-electrical technology co. newline_char “ china lives in a neighborhood where it doesn ’ t have any natural allies or friends. newline_char china ’ s defense spending , the second highest in the world after the u.s. newline_char china plans to increase defense spending 11.2 percent this year as the country ’ s expanding global commitments and lingering territorial disputes drive demand for more warships , missiles and fighter planes . newline_char china is also involved in spats with vietnam , the philippines and japan over control of oil- and gas-rich waters and has a lingering territorial dispute with india that erupted into a war in 1962 . newline_char military spending is set to rise this year to about 670 billion yuan ( $ 106.4 billion ) , li zhaoxing , spokesman for china ’ s national people ’ s congress , said yesterday ahead of a speech today by premier wen jiabao to open the annual 10-day session of the country ’ s legislature .
