rtez carter 's 32-yard touchdown run to open the second half gave grambling state ( 11-1 ) its first lead . newline_char the takeaway grambling state : the tigers placed a cap on their continued strong progress made in three years under coach broderick fobbs , who won seven and nine games , respectively , in his first two years . newline_char atlanta ( ap ) — grambling state won the celebration bowl when it blocked an extra-point kick set back 15 yards by an excessive celebration with just over two minutes left , holding off north carolina central 10-9 saturday . newline_char the tigers threw only one play-action pass for a short gain on the touchdown drive . newline_char down 10-3 , north carolina central had a chance to pull even after quentin atkinson shook loose and caught a 39-yard touchdown pass from scrambling malcolm bell . newline_char grambling state 's defense later set up more points . newline_char joseph mcwilliams surged in and swatted brandon mclaren 's 35-yard try with 2:14 remaining to preserve the tigers ' edge . newline_char trailing 3-0 at halftime , grambling state opened the third quarter with a run-first plan . newline_char the tigers earned the bowl bid by winning the southwestern athletic conference championship to complete a dramatic resurgence by the program . story_separator_special_tag grambling state won today ’ s celebration bowl 10-9 after a would-be tying touchdown had the extra point fouled up by an excessive celebration penalty . newline_char it ’ s grambling ’ s 15th black college football national championship ; the tigers trail all-time leader tennessee state by just one title . newline_char north carolina central ’ s quentin atkinson caught a 39-yard touchdown pass with just over two minutes remaining , but was called for excessive celebration after taking his helmet off in excitement . newline_char [ abc ] newline_char that pushed back the extra point attempt , which grambling blocked—and the subsequent onside attempt failed as well .
