related donald trump 's life and career : a timeline key dates in the life of gop frontrunner donald trump . newline_char " says donald trump , having just stepped aboard his throne room of a plane and stopping by my seat to extend his hand . newline_char " calls trump over his shoulder , leading me down the corridor to the cockpit . newline_char " you get the big tour yet ? newline_char no ? newline_char what the hell ? newline_char c'mon , i 'll show you myself . newline_char i follow him into the stateroom of the 757 , past three rows of sleeper seats wrapped in eggshell calfskin , with seat-belt buckles of plated gold and the family crest stitched in every headrest ; past the conference center , with its mahogany table and a dozen executive high-backs snugged around it ; past the in-plane theater , with its oyster-shape couches and the 57-inch flatscreen tuned to fox ; past the bumped-out bulkhead and the first of two bedrooms , this one fitted with mohair couches that convert to a full-size bed ; and then the master bedroom , with its silk-spun walls and bathroom fixtures finished in rosy gold . story_separator_special_tag but trump said on cnn 's " new day " thursday newline_char " trump said to solotaroff . newline_char " solotaroff continued his cover story ( headlined " taking trump seriously " ) by saying : " and there , in a nutshell , is trump 's blessing and his curse : he ca n't seem to quit while he 's ahead . newline_char a spokeswoman for the trump campaign declined to comment . newline_char " trump added , " i mean , she 's a woman , and i 'm not s'posedta say bad things , but really , folks , come on . newline_char donald trump latest 's close-up is coming from the unlikeliest of magazines : rolling stone . newline_char would anyone vote for that ? newline_char " look at that face ! newline_char " the quotes stirred controversy on twitter wednesday evening . newline_char the instincts that carried him out to a lead and have kept him far above the captious field are the same ones that landed him in ugly stews with ex-wives , business partners , networks , supermodels and many , many other famous women .
