bai iran will increase its naval presence in the gulf to strengthen its authority over three islands which the united arab emirates says are its territory , tehran said on sunday . newline_char the islands sit near oil shipping routes at the mouth of the strategic strait of hormuz and the challenge over their sovereignty is a constant threat to iran 's fragile relations with its arab neighbors . newline_char in september , uae foreign minister sheikh abdullah bin zayed al-nahayan said iran 's " occupation " of the three islands was against international law . newline_char the 41-year-old dispute between shi'ite muslim iran and the sunni uae over the islands - greater and lesser tunb and abu musa - has nationalist and ethnic overtones and was inflamed when president mahmoud ahmadinejad visited abu musa in april . newline_char last month iran 's foreign ministry spokesman ramin mehmanparast said tehran would consider downgrading ties with the uae over the dispute , although the foreign ministry later denied the report , according to state television . newline_char " the fifth zone of the guards ' naval force is one of the naval defense chains which is in particular responsible for the defense of the iranian islands in the persian gulf , " he said . newline_char " the security of the iranian islands in the persian gulf is part of the various strategies of the naval force of the islamic revolutionary guard corps , " irgc commander mohammad ali jafari said , according to the website of state television irib . story_separator_special_tag iran 's media is reporting the country has produced a domestically-made drone capable of hovering in midair . newline_char earlier in october iran said it obtained images of sensitive israeli bases taken by a drone that was launched by lebanon 's hezbollah movement that month and downed by israel . newline_char iran frequently claims breakthroughs in military technology and other achievements . newline_char iran says other drones made dozens of apparently undetected flights into israeli airspace from lebanon in recent years . newline_char most are impossible to independently confirm .
