shington ( reuters ) - a trade deal fight led by u.s. democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders on saturday failed to fully materialize as rival and presumptive nominee hillary clinton announced a compromise to expand mandatory healthcare funding over the next decade . newline_char “ it  newline_char , july 8 , 2016 . story_separator_special_tag bernie sanders , i-v.t , right , speaks as hillary clinton listens during the cnn democratic presidential primary debate at the brooklyn navy yard in new york on april 14 , 2016 . newline_char ( photo : seth wenig , ap ) washington — hillary clinton on saturday announced her plan to expand investments in community health care centers , the second of two proposals in a week apparently aimed at courting supporters of sen. newline_char community health care centers have been a key priority for sanders , i-vt. newline_char the presumptive democratic nominee 's proposal would double funding for primary care services at federally qualified health centers , which serve populations with limited access to health care . story_separator_special_tag sanders , who ran a surprisingly strong but ultimately unsuccessful campaign for the democratic nomination , is expected to endorse clinton at that tuesday event . newline_char while clinton has long supported the creation of new government-run insurance options and reiterated that support several times this year , saturday ’ s statement comes three days before she is scheduled to make her first joint campaign appearance with sanders ― who has championed government-run insurance and federally financed clinics throughout his career and during his own bid for the presidency . newline_char saturday ’ s announcement on health policy follows a similar one from clinton earlier in the week newline_char ) . newline_char the presumptive democratic presidential nominee also called for a substantial increase in funding in medical clinics that serve low-income americans , fully embracing a proposal from sen.
