this ad is currently running on the website 's nra-sponsored " guns and gear " page : clicking on the image diverts readers to the landing page for " the daily caller gun giveaway , " which states : the daily caller will be giving away one gun per week until election day -- november 6 , 2012 . newline_char to enter this week 's contest , simply sign up below to receive updates from the daily caller . newline_char each gun is engraved with the bill of rights and comes in one of three colors . newline_char the  newline_char our dc morning emails are an informative and amusing way to keep up with the latest news . newline_char " the gun 's manufacturer , jim pontillo , has attacked american progressives for supposedly seeking to promote communism in america and claimed that " people calling for secession " are not " fanatics who hate america " but are instead acting " in the founding tradition . story_separator_special_tag winner selection : the daily caller will choose one winner for each gun . newline_char notification and awarding of gun : the winner will be notified within 14 business days after the close of the drawing by email , mail or telephone and must respond to the daily caller within 14 days newline_char if for any reason the winner is unable to accept the gun , the gun will be forfeited and an alternative winner will be determined . newline_char the winner will be required to have proper identification suitable to receive a firearm in their jurisdiction and will be required to complete an atf form # 4473 and pass a nics background check at their local firearms retailer that holds a valid federal firearms license . newline_char this offer is void where prohibited by law , and subject to all applicable federal , state and local laws and regulations . newline_char failure to comply with each of these requirements will result in a forfeiture of the prize . newline_char no prize transfers , assignments , cash equivalents or substitutions will be allowed . newline_char the 
