age copyright science photo library image caption the much-maligned black rat may not have caused repeated outbreaks of the plague black rats may not have been to blame for numerous outbreaks of the bubonic plague across europe , a study suggests . newline_char it had been thought that black rats were responsible for allowing the plague to establish in europe , with new outbreaks occurring when fleas jumped from infected rodents to humans . story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . newline_char crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . newline_char that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page 's authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web . story_separator_special_tag plague is transmitted between animals and humans by the bite of infected fleas , direct contact with infected tissues , and inhalation of infected respiratory droplets . newline_char plague key facts plague is caused by the bacteria yersinia pestis , a zoonotic bacteria usually found in small mammals and their fleas . newline_char antibiotic treatment is effective against plague bacteria , so early diagnosis and early treatment can save lives . newline_char plague can be a very severe disease in people , with a case-fatality ratio of 30 % to 60 % for the bubonic type , and is always fatal for the pneumonic kind when left untreated . newline_char bubonic plague is the most common form and is characterized by painful swollen lymph nodes or 'buboes ' . newline_char there are two main clinical forms of plague infection : bubonic and pneumonic . newline_char from 2010 to 2015 there were 3248
