at information included social security numbers and banking information for police employees , some of whom are undercover officers.ethan finkelstein , who was home from college on thanksgiving break , was watching the parade at 65th street and central park west , when he and a friend noticed a strip of confetti stuck onto her coat . newline_char " one confetti strip indicates that it 's from an arrest record , and other strips offer more detail . newline_char confidential personal information is what some paradegoers found among confetti tossed during the world 's most famous parade . newline_char " it says , 'at 4:30 a.m. a pipe bomb was thrown at a house in the kings grant ' area . newline_char " a closer look shows that the documents are  newline_char 'it made the tufts university freshman concerned , so he and his friends picked up more of the confetti that had fallen around them . story_separator_special_tag federal prosecutors told a judge last week that they have started reassembling documents shredded by the stanford financial group , whose owner , r. newline_char how do you reconstruct documents after they 've been passed through a shredder ? newline_char with a computer . newline_char " ) advertisement not all shredded documents can be put back together . newline_char in a typical reconstruction process , technicians feed all the available shreds into a scanner . newline_char the possibility and ease of reconstruction depends on the size of the shreds—the smaller and more numerous the pieces , the harder it is to reconstruct a document . newline_char ( for the home user , an israeli company sells software that can turn any pc and scanner into an " unshredder . newline_char using a matching algorithm , the software then identifies potential neighboring shreds , displaying them onscreen for an operator to confirm . newline_char strip shredders cut paper into long strips 1/8- to 5/16-inch wide and are the most popular option because of their speed and low cost—but they 're also the easiest to reassemble since they produce a relatively small number of large fragments .
