 weiwei 's wife lu qing was taken by chinese police to meet her husband on sunday afternoon . newline_char detained china artist ai weiwei gets first family visit ai weiwei was arrested trying to board a hong kong-bound plane out of beijing continue reading the main story related stories the detained chinese artist ai weiwei has been allowed his first contact with his family since his arrest more than 40 days ago . newline_char the artist 's sister told the bbc lu qing was summoned to a police station and taken to another location where she was allowed a brief meeting with her husband . newline_char continue reading the main story ai 's tangles with authorities supported online campaign to compile names of children who died in 2008 sichuan earthquake - many in schools whose construction was allegedly compromised due to corruption - many in schools whose construction was allegedly compromised due to corruption in august 2009 , beaten up by police in sichuan while trying to testify for dissident tan zuoren in sichuan while trying to testify for dissident tan zuoren although a co-designer of  story_separator_special_tag file - in this april 6 , 2011 file photo , lu qing , wife of missing groundbreaking chinese artist ai weiwei , speaks during an interview in beijing , china , wednesday , april 6 , 2011 . newline_char 17 , 2010 file photo , artist ai weiwei arrives at the wenyuhe court to support fellow artist wu yuren during his trial in beijing . newline_char groundbreaking chinese artist ai weiwei appeared healthy but tense during his first meeting with family since he was detained more than a month ago , and authorities still have n't explained why he was seized , his wife said monday . newline_char ( associated press ) file - in this may 11 , 2011 file photo , workers put up a two-story-high black-and-white photograph of chinese artist ai weiwei outside the lisson gallery in london . newline_char ai has been allowed his first family visit after more ... newline_char ai has been allowed his ... newline_char ai has been allowed his first family ... newline_char " i could see redness in his eyes . newline_char it was obvious that without freedom to express himself he was not behaving naturally even with me
