f researchers at eth zurich university took cues from the deadly beetle and built two chemical filled honeycomb chambers . newline_char taking design cues from mother nature herself , researchers are building atms that fend off thieves with a spray of hot , steaming foam . newline_char the inspiration for this dastardly defense mechanism comes from none other than the bombardier beetle , which sprays near-boiling acid at any foes who coming knocking . newline_char soon , though , they could be facing more than just failure . newline_char here 's our little friend in action . story_separator_special_tag when threatened , the bombardier beetle releases a caustic spray , accompanied by a popping sound . newline_char two separately stored chemicals are mixed in a reaction chamber in the beetle 's abdomen . newline_char the beetle produces the explosive agent itself when needed . newline_char ( photo : jayvee18 – fotolia ) its head and pronotum are usually rusty red , and its abdomen blue or shiny green : the bombardier beetle is approximately one centimetre long and common to central europe . newline_char the bombardier beetle inspired the researchers of eth zurich . newline_char an explosion is triggered with the help of catalytic enzymes . story_separator_special_tag it ’ s my fault because i voted for clinton when she ran against obama in the 2008 primary , but i didn ’ t tell anyone because she was the unpopular choice . newline_char so i voted quietly in the primary , felt my disappointment quietly when she lost , and seamlessly joined the obama supporters in the general election . newline_char it ’ s my fault because i voted for clinton when she ran against sanders in the 2016 primary , and i didn ’ t tell anyone because again she was the unpopular choice newline_char megan , a reader who voted for hillary clinton , shares a powerful confession : i ’ ve been thinking about the election a lot for the past two days , and the idea that i keep coming back to is that in some ways this is my fault .
