oto officials in two departments of china ’ s general administration of customs in beijing declined to comment on thursday evening about the status of rare earth exports . newline_char photo officials in two departments of china ’ s general administration of customs in beijing declined to comment on thursday evening about the status of rare earth exports . newline_char although deposits of rare earths are found in various parts of the world , including the united states , china produces about 95 percent of the global supply of the minerals . newline_char although deposits of rare earths are found in various parts of the world , including the united states , china produces about 95 percent of the global supply of the minerals . newline_char the chinese shipments resumed thursday morning only hours before secretary of state hillary rodham clinton raised the embargo issue at a news conference in honolulu , where she announced plans to visit china on saturday to pursue the matter with chinese officials . story_separator_special_tag photo officials in two departments of china ’ s general administration of customs in beijing declined to comment on thursday evening about the status of rare earth exports . newline_char photo officials in two departments of china ’ s general administration of customs in beijing declined to comment on thursday evening about the status of rare earth exports . newline_char although deposits of rare earths are found in various parts of the world , including the united states , china produces about 95 percent of the global supply of the minerals . newline_char although deposits of rare earths are found in various parts of the world , including the united states , china produces about 95 percent of the global supply of the minerals . newline_char the chinese shipments resumed thursday morning only hours before secretary of state hillary rodham clinton raised the embargo issue at a news conference in honolulu , where she announced plans to visit china on saturday to pursue the matter with chinese officials .
