recasters were predicting as much as 10 inches of snow for washington , with more predicted for the suburbs north and west of the district . newline_char the federal government says its offices in the washington , d.c. newline_char airlines along the storm 's projected path have cut hundreds of flights , most of them at dulles and reagan national airports in the washington area . story_separator_special_tag must watch zoo animals , workers deal with snow 01:30 in fact , the national weather service dropped its winter storm warning for the washington area wednesday afternoon . newline_char while the storm was dumping plenty of snow in other places , washington was getting just fractions of an inch , said cnn meteorologist sean morris . newline_char bob mcdonnell declared a state of emergency , state police extended shifts and the national guard called up 100 troops for snow duty as inches of wet , heavy snow fell across parts of the state . newline_char but where 5 to 10 inches of wet snow was supposed to fall on dupont circle , not even slush was accumulating wednesday afternoon , said organizer michael lipin . newline_char must watch snow wallops the midwest 01:11 just watched zoo animals , workers deal with snow replay more videos ... newline_char instead , the storm billed as " snowquester " is turning out to be nothing more than a big wet blanket for members of the washington d.c. snowball fight association . newline_char must watch snowstorm blankets midwest , heads east 02:12 just watched snow wallops the midwest replay more videos ... newline_char transportation officials reported particularly nasty conditions on many secondary and some primary routes in 15 central and northern counties , with deep snow or ice covering the pavement . newline_char gov . newline_char " quite a letdown , " he said . newline_char story highlights shelters are open for 215,000 without power in virginia a coastal flood warning is in effect for massachusetts virginia 's governor declares a state of emergency they 'd hoped to trade political potshots for wet snowballs .
