ison officials were warned about an escape  newline_char union : prison learned of escape plans day earlier union : prison learned of escape plans day earlier authorities have apprehended the convicted killer of three ohio students at a high school cafeteria who escaped from prison thursday night . newline_char most read most read more > > woman growing fingernails in follicles through skin desperate for help woman growing fingernails in follicles through skin desperate for help ( wmc ) - a mid-south woman with a mystery illness is desperate for help that can keep her alive . newline_char 16 with alleged gang ties arrested in multi-agency sting 16 with alleged gang ties arrested in multi-agency sting tucson police chief roberto villasenor said police believe the subjects of this investigation are an organized group suspected of drug trafficking , money laundering , homicides and other violent crimes on behalf of gang leadership . story_separator_special_tag police arrested a woman who they say swallowed a ring to keep police from finding it . newline_char a zales employee identified ford as the man who stole the ring , martinez said . newline_char orem — in a case that offers a new definition of expensive tastes , police arrested a woman after they say she swallowed a ring to keep it from being found . newline_char 400 west , according to police . newline_char a man was looking at a ring worth thousands of dollars at the zales store at university mall , 575 e. newline_char they say a man stole the ring from a zales jewelry store in orem . newline_char after following leads with no success , investigators discovered that schlegel swallowed the ring so police newline_char the man left the store and entered a white pontiac g6 with a woman at the wheel . newline_char university parkway , friday evening , according to a statement by orem police lt. newline_char the pontiac was last seen headed west on university parkway , with sticky notes covering the car 's license plate , martinez said .
