his company , perfectly planned hawaii , offers wedding planning for same-sex couples . newline_char could hawaii become a same-sex wedding destination ? newline_char " people now can look at hawaii as a destination to have their marriage done legally , " says akao , " and for it to be recognized by the federal government , no matter what state they may live in . newline_char enlarge this image toggle caption istockphoto istockphoto starting monday , same-sex marriage is legal in hawaii . newline_char last month , they celebrated their union in  newline_char " he has received more than two-dozen confirmations since the bill passed last month . newline_char swaying palm trees and clear blue water make for a dream ceremony . newline_char wedding planner keane akao is showing off a secluded beach wedding site , one of several on the hawaiian island of oahu . newline_char akao started his company with his business partner less than six months ago , just before hawaii gov . story_separator_special_tag the first couples are starting to take advantage of hawaii 's newfound aloha for gay weddings . newline_char hawaii 's marriage laws allow couples to register for a license and be married the same day , a process conducive for tourists only in the state a short time . newline_char six couples tied the knot early monday , shortly after midnight , when a new law allowing same-sex couples to marry took effect . newline_char check back soon for further information . newline_char this is a breaking news update . newline_char ap 's earlier story is below . newline_char dozens of couples were expected to start tying the knot early monday , moments after midnight , when a new law allowing same couples to marry takes effect in the state . newline_char couples at the sheraton waikiki began filling out license applications a few minutes after midnight , as license agents huddled around four laptops in a conference room adjacent to a 30th floor lounge where the ceremonies were set to take place .
