stice department lawyers argue that california is blocking enforcement efforts by the department of homeland security and imposing other , impermissible obligations on the federal government . newline_char et the justice department is suing california and two top state officials , accusing them of interfering with federal immigration efforts by passing and enforcing state laws that hinder u.s. operations against undocumented people . newline_char one bars private employers from voluntarily cooperating with federal immigration officials and requires businesses to notify workers in advance of a federal raid . newline_char the new federal case represents an escalation of the long-running battle between the trump administration and california , whose democratic governor , jerry brown , and attorney general , xavier becerra , have positioned themselves as ideological opponents to the white house on matters from immigration and climate change to criminal justice . newline_char to advance their cause , federal lawyers cite a 2012 supreme court dispute , in which the obama administration sued arizona over its punitive law meant to crack down on immigrants there . newline_char brown issued a statement tuesday night that called the federal lawsuit " sad ! newline_char a second law restricts state and local law enforcement from voluntarily sharing information with the feds about the release dates of undocumented people in their custody . newline_char federal authorities said that evades common sense and has the potential to endanger communities in california and beyond . newline_char that law also bars the transfer of undocumented people into federal custody . newline_char the third law under federal challenge covers state inspections of detention facilities that hold noncitizens in federal custody . newline_char the lawsuit filed late tuesday in federal court in sacramento , calif. newline_char in  story_separator_special_tag tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications . story_separator_special_tag in 
