one launch represents historic shift in condom sizes available on u.s. market company pledges 1 million free condoms to show men the importance of proper fit download press ready images . newline_char with 60 condom sizes , myone is designed to finally address the top complaints about condoms : they don ’ t fit and are uncomfortable . newline_char one® condoms launches myone® perfect fit , a game-changing new product line of 60 different condom sizes . newline_char now available in the united states , myone perfect fit offers condoms with combinations of 10 lengths and 9 widths . newline_char boston – october , 2017 : with condoms , proper size matters . newline_char it ’ s no secret than many people don ’ t like to use condoms . story_separator_special_tag methods : data are from an internet-based baseline phase of a large prospective daily diary study that compared men 's use of a standard-sized condom to men 's use of a condom sized to fit their erect penis . newline_char aims : the article aims to assess men 's erect penile dimensions in a study in which the men would presumably be motivated to report accurate information about their penis size ; and to explore associations between men 's erect penile dimensions , their method of measurement , and their demographics . story_separator_special_tag will the development improve the appeal of condoms , the only birth-control method that protects against most sexually transmitted diseases ? newline_char a boston-based company has begun selling custom-fit condoms in 60 sizes , in combinations of 10 lengths and nine circumferences . newline_char , which considers condoms to be medical devices . newline_char many ideas for improving condoms have fizzled , sometimes stymied by the costs of testing required to satisfy the f.d.a. newline_char condoms get a bad rap for being a bad wrap . newline_char a competition sponsored by the bill and melinda gates foundation sought ideas for more pleasurable condoms in 2013 but has not yet brought one to market . newline_char public health experts are unsure . newline_char while
