oto for people with coronary artery disease , rapidly losing and regaining weight — or “ yo-yo ” dieting — may increase the risk for deadly heart attacks and strokes , a new study suggests . newline_char scientists prospectively followed 9,509 men and women with stable coronary artery disease , examining them and recording their weight an average of 12 times over five years . story_separator_special_tag because coronary artery disease often develops over decades , you might not notice a problem until you have a significant blockage or a heart attack . newline_char when plaque builds up , they narrow your coronary arteries , decreasing blood flow to your heart . newline_char coronary artery disease develops when the major blood vessels that supply your heart with blood , oxygen and nutrients ( coronary arteries ) become damaged or diseased . newline_char coronary artery disease care at mayo clinic  newline_char but there 's plenty you can do to prevent and treat coronary artery disease . newline_char eventually , the decreased blood flow may cause chest pain ( angina ) , shortness of breath , or other coronary artery disease signs and symptoms . newline_char cholesterol-containing deposits ( plaque ) in your arteries and inflammation are usually to blame for coronary artery disease . story_separator_special_tag for individuals with pre-existing heart disease , however , new research finds that the health consequences of repeatedly losing and gaining weight may be even more severe . newline_char researchers found that people with coronary heart disease who had experienced large fluctuations in weight over an average of 4.7 years were at much higher risk of heart attack , stroke , and death than people who experienced little change in body weight . newline_char researchers have found that yo-yo dieting may have serious health implications for people with coronary heart disease . newline_char researchers have found that yo-yo dieting may have serious health implications for people with coronary heart disease .
