 , 2016 photo shows san francisco 49ers quarterback colin kaepernick talking during a news conference after an nfl football game against the los angeles rams . newline_char 24 , 2016 photo shows san francisco 49ers quarterback colin kaepernick talking during a news conference after an nfl football game against the los angeles rams . newline_char 24 , 2016 photo shows san francisco 49ers quarterback colin kaepernick talking during a news conference after an nfl football game against the los angeles rams . newline_char kaepernick filed a grievance against the nfl on sunday , oct. newline_char kaepernick filed a grievance against the nfl on sunday , oct. newline_char ( associated press ) this dec. newline_char ( associated press ) this dec. newline_char ( associated press ) this dec. newline_char this dec. story_separator_special_tag free agent quarterback colin kaepernick is pursuing a collusion grievance against the nfl under the cba , according to jason la canfora of cbs sports and mike freeman of bleacher report . newline_char kaepernick remains a free agent since opting out of his contract with the san francisco 49ers in march . newline_char kaepernick was one of the nfl 's biggest stories in 2016 after he decided to kneel during the national anthem to protest and raise awareness against racial injustice in america . story_separator_special_tag henderson/getty images after remaining unsigned through six weeks of the 2017 nfl season , colin kaepernick claims the league is participating in collusion . newline_char as first reported by bleacher report 's mike freeman , the former san francisco 49ers quarterback has filed a grievance against the owners for collusion under the latest collective bargaining agreement . newline_char mike florio of pro football talk reported on what kaepernick is looking to accomplish with the grievance : " per a source with knowledge of the situation , kaepernick wants to trigger termination of the current collective bargaining agreement .
