, 2016 file photo , joshua vallum is photographed in the george county regional correctional facility in lucedale , miss . newline_char 7 , 2016 file photo , joshua vallum is photographed in the george county regional correctional facility in lucedale , miss . newline_char guirola could have sentenced vallum to life in prison , but heeded a lesser sentence suggested in a plea agreement between defense attorneys and prosecutors , citing vallum 's neglected childhood and other issues . newline_char a federal judge on monday , may 15 , 2017 , sentenced vallum ... newline_char a federal judge on monday , may 15 , 2017 , sentenced vallum ... newline_char vallum pleaded guilty to the federal charges in december  newline_char both the judge and defense lawyers said vallum 's history of abuse as a child had to be considered . newline_char sentenced joshua vallum in the 2015 killing of 17-year-old mercedes williamson . newline_char prosecutors said vallum shocked 17-year-old mercedes williamson with a stun gun , stabbed her and beat her to death in 2015 to keep fellow latin kings gang members from discovering the two were having sex . story_separator_special_tag vallum knew mercedes williamson was a transgender teenage girl when they began dating , but kept her gender identity secret , prosecutors said . newline_char joshua vallum , 29 , of lucedale is the first person prosecuted for a federal hate crime in which the victim was targeted for being transgender , the justice department said in a news release . newline_char they broke up in 2014 but vallum decided to kill her in may 2015 because a friend had discovered she was transgender , the justice department said . newline_char story highlights joshua vallum pleaded guilty to killing his ex-girlfriend justice department : he killed because she was transgender ( cnn ) a mississippi man was sentenced to 49 years in prison monday and fined $ 20,000 for killing his ex-girlfriend because she was transgender , the us justice department said .
