ese crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . newline_char crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . newline_char that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page 's authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web . story_separator_special_tag et monument , colorado colorado 's top state prison official was shot and killed when he answered the front door of his house , setting off a hunt for the gunman and raising questions about whether the attack had anything to do with his position . newline_char authorities are also looking for a dark-colored " boxy " car seen near the house of tom clements , 58 , when he was shot around 8:30 p.m. tuesday in monument , north of colorado springs . newline_char jeff kramer of the el paso county sheriff 's office said investigators have not ruled anything out , but the shooting could have been related to clements ' job as executive director of the colorado department of corrections . newline_char updated at 4:20 p.m . newline_char lt. newline_char although we remain sensitive to that , we also want  story_separator_special_tag hickenlooper is poised to sign some of the toughest new gun control laws in the nation , capping a journey that has transformed a popular , data-driven western democrat who takes his son shooting into an unlikely frontman for bringing new gun laws into the center of the united states . newline_char photo advertisement continue reading the main story denver — the wounds and rage from a mass shooting in a colorado movie theater were still raw one morning last july when gov . newline_char the bill signing newline_char john w. newline_char “ if it was not one weapon , it would have been another. newline_char ” eight months later , mr.
