dated : human rights foundation says swank was warned about the activities of ramzan kadyrov before she attended the lavish event . newline_char " in a statement to thr , human rights watch called on stars who attended the party for kadyrov to reimburse any money that they were paid to participate . newline_char chechen leader ramzan kadyrov said he didn ’ t want a fuss for his 35th birthday party but that didn ’ t stop his friends from throwing a multimillion-dollar bash attended by hilary swank and jean-claude van damme . newline_char " ramzan kadyrov is linked to a litany of horrific human rights abuses . newline_char according to human rights watch , kadyrov presides over law enforcement and security agencies that have been implicated in abductions , torture and executions of those suspected of involvement in the islamist insurgency in chechnya . newline_char according to the human rights foundation , jean-claude van damme stood on stage and said , “ i love you mr. newline_char thor halvorssen , president of the human rights foundation , called the stars ’ attendance at the celebration “ disheartening and shameful. newline_char kadyrov ” while swank said she was honored to be in grozny and wished kadyrov a “ happy birthday. story_separator_special_tag human rights watch is lambasting an oscar-winning actress and other western celebrities for attending a concert held on the birthday of chechnya 's kremlin-backed leader , who has been accused of rights abuses . newline_char human rights watch urged the artists to " avoid legitimizing people like " kadyrov , who has been accused by rights groups of having orchestrated abductions , extrajudicial killings and the enforcement of sharia law in chechnya . newline_char 5 show was held at a police-cordoned concert hall on chechen leader ramzan kadyrov 's 35th birthday . newline_char the new york-based rights watchdog said wednesday that american actress hilary swank , belgian actor jean claude van damme and british violinist vanessa mae attended the concert in the chechen capital , grozny .
