associated press ) brussels ( ap ) — the main fugitive from islamic extremist attacks in paris in november , salah abdeslam , has been arrested in belgium 's capital after four months at large , french police officials said friday . newline_char two french police officials have told the associated press that salah abdeslam , ... newline_char in addition to abdeslam ,  newline_char abdeslam , 26 , was among the attackers who killed 130 people at a rock concert , the national stadium and cafes on nov. newline_char the officials told the associated press that he was arrested friday in a major police operation in the brussels neighborhood of molenbeek . story_separator_special_tag abdeslam suffered leg injuries before being arrested , during a major police operation in the molenbeek suburb . newline_char the belgian asylum minister theo francken declared , " we got him " , referring to 26-year-old salah abdeslam , europe 's most wanted man . newline_char at least 10 shots were heard , grenades launched and police helicopters hovered overhead , while fire engines waited in the street . story_separator_special_tag abdeslam was wounded in a gunbattle with authorities in an anti-terror raid in the brussels ' suburb of molenbeek . newline_char earlier , belgian prime minister charles michel told reporters that abdeslam , a belgian-born french citizen , and another person were wounded in the raid . newline_char french president francois hollande said paris prosecutors will urgently request the extradition of abdeslam . newline_char ( cnn ) after a four-month search for europe 's most-wanted fugitive , paris terror attacks suspect salah abdeslam was captured friday , belgian officials said . newline_char hollande told reporters he is confident abdeslam will be sent to france for newline_char abdeslam had a minor leg wound , van der sypt announced . newline_char belgian federal prosecutor 's office spokesman eric van der sypt said the others detained included three members of a family who helped hide abdeslam .
