cnn ) the man accused of killing eight people after driving a truck onto a new york bike path is a " soldier of the caliphate , " the isis terror group said without providing evidence to back up its claim . newline_char isis provided no evidence it had knowledge ahead of tuesday 's attack in lower manhattan or was involved in planning . newline_char responding to the claim friday morning in a series of tweets , president donald trump called the new york terrorism suspect a " degenerate animal " and said the us military had attacked isis " much harder " over the past two days . newline_char isis did not claim direct responsibility , and the article did not give a name for the attacker . newline_char " isis just claimed the degenerate animal  newline_char " one of the islamic state soldiers in america attacked on tuesday a number of crusaders on a street in new york city , " the group 's weekly al-naba newspaper reported thursday . story_separator_special_tag the islamic state claimed responsibility on thursday for the deadly halloween day terror attack in new york city in the group 's weekly newsletter , al-naba . newline_char add isis as an interest to stay up to date on the latest isis news , video , and analysis from abc news . newline_char it 's unclear why the group claims 60 people were wounded or killed . newline_char interested in isis ? newline_char the attack , allegedly carried out by uzbek national sayfullo saipov , actually killed eight people and wounded 12 others ,  newline_char add interest " on tuesday , 11 safar , one of the soldiers of the islamic state attacked a number of crusaders on a street in new york city , close to the monument for the 9/11 raid , which resulted in killing and wounding more than 60 crusaders , and unto allah is all praise , " the newsletter said in a translation by site intelligence group , a company that tracks extremist groups . story_separator_special_tag a new york city police officer used deadly force to stop a terror suspect tuesday but did not kill him , raising possible questions about the final moments of an attack that killed eight people and injured 13 .
