arnaev was convicted of 30 federal charges in the bombing , which killed three people died and injured more than 260 . newline_char a filing by the lawyers on monday explains their push for a new trial for tsarnaev , who was sentenced to death . newline_char boston ( ap ) — lawyers for boston marathon bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev ( joh-hahr ' tsahr-neye'-ehv ) say his trial should have been held outside the city because jurors could n't avoid widespread outrage over the deadly attack and he deserves a new trial elsewhere . newline_char the legal term " crime of violence " was applied to tsarnaev 's actions . newline_char he apologized at his sentencing . story_separator_special_tag attorneys for boston marathon bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev appealed his conviction and death sentence on monday , arguing that publicity made it impossible for him to get a fair trial in the city and that capital punishment is unconstitutional . newline_char " tsarnaev was sentenced to death in june for helping his older brother carry out the april 15 , 2013 , blasts that killed three people and injured and maimed more than 200 others . newline_char it  newline_char in court papers , defense lawyer william fick cited a recent dissent by u.s. supreme court justice stephen breyer in which he said that he believes the death penalty " now likely constitutes a legally prohibited 'cruel and unusual punishment . story_separator_special_tag despite the dramatic news from court , the boston marathon bomber ’ s fate will take years to reach its conclusion : only three of 340 prisoners sentenced to federal death row have been executed in the last 50 years dzhokhar tsarnaev has become the 62nd inmate on federal death row after he was sentenced to death on friday for his part in the boston marathon bombings . newline_char boston marathon bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev sentenced to death read more but despite the dramatic news from the boston courtroom on friday , tsarnaev ’ s fate will take years to reach its conclusion .
