tarctic notothenioid fishes are protected from freezing by antifreeze proteins ( afps ) that bind to invading ice crystals and inhibit their growth . newline_char our long-term temperature record of a high-latitude antarctic fish habitat indicates that summer warming does not overcome afp-induced superheating to reliably rid fishes of ice . newline_char , superheated ice occurs inside notothenioid fishes ) . newline_char abstract antifreeze proteins ( afps ) of polar marine teleost fishes are widely recognized as an evolutionary innovation of vast adaptive value in that , by adsorbing to and inhibiting the growth of  newline_char evolution of the life-saving afps exacts a cost : the risk of lifelong accumulation of damaging internal ice crystals . story_separator_special_tag they discovered the antifreeze proteins ' anti-melting properties after raising water temperatures slightly above the freezing point and still finding some ice in the blood of the fish specimens . newline_char for the benefit of avoiding frozen blood , antarctic notothenioid fish species must tolerate ice in their veins . newline_char that 's right , the same antifreeze proteins that latch onto ice crystals and prevent them from growing also inhibit them from melting . newline_char 23 ( upi ) -- fish species that make their home in the frigid waters of antarctica have developed special antifreeze proteins that keep their blood from icing over . story_separator_special_tag the notothenioid fish uses evolutionary mechanisms to survive in anchor ice that exists on the sea floors of the antarctic region . newline_char now research has found that these proteins also prevent some fish from ever ridding themselves of the ice in their bodies . newline_char scientists long have known that antifreeze proteins help a species of antarctic fish survive in frigid waters . newline_char even after being studied for decades , the notothenioid , a bony fish that thrives in frigid waters , continues to hold surprises .
