 live in an era of edited selfies and ever-evolving standards of beauty . newline_char these filters and edits have become the norm , altering people ’ s perception of beauty worldwide . story_separator_special_tag and in one disturbing emerging phenomenon , dubbed " snapchat dysmorphia , " some patients are getting plastic surgery to look more like their filtered selfies . newline_char according to boston university researchers , digital filters are likely contributing to a rise in body dysmorphia , where people are overly anxious about their appearance . newline_char snapchat and instagram filters are influencing how young people think about beauty . newline_char instagram and snapchat filters are the new celebrity photo , offering up unrealistic standards of beauty that might trigger people to feel unhappy with the way they look in real life . newline_char now playing : that 's according to  story_separator_special_tag phillips is professor of psychiatry and human behavior at the warren alpert medical school of brown university and director of the body dysmorphic disorder and body image program at butler hospital in providence , rhode island ; please  newline_char phillips is professor of psychiatry and human behavior at the warren alpert medical school of brown university and director of the body dysmorphic disorder and body image program at butler hospital in providence , rhode island find articles by katharine a. newline_char phillips author information copyright and license information disclaimer katharine a. newline_char published in final edited form as : pmcid : pmc2361388 nihmsid : nihms37504 pmid : 18449358 suicidality in body dysmorphic disorder , md katharine a. story_separator_special_tag doctors have spotted a trend of people bringing in their own selfies , usually edited with a smartphone application , and asking to look more like their photos , according to an article recently published in jama facial plastic surgery by researchers from boston university school of medicine ’ s department of dermatology . newline_char that ’ s not the case anymore .
