fleck 's decision to forego bestowing the award and the ceremony is n't a surprise considering claims that have been made against him in the past . newline_char casey affleck will no longer be presenting the best actress award at the oscars . newline_char affleck allegedly did not want to " become a distraction from the focus that should be on the performances of the actresses in the category " . story_separator_special_tag exclusive : casey affleck has withdrawn from presenting the best actress award at the upcoming oscars , deadline hears . newline_char the specter of affleck presenting would have created controversy . newline_char “ manchester by the sea ” amazon studios affleck won the best actor oscar last year for his performance in manchester by the sea  newline_char i ’ ve heard that affleck did not want to become a distraction from the focus that should be on the performances of the actresses in the category and that is why he made the proactive move . story_separator_special_tag do n't let casey affleck present at the academy awards by : care2 target : academy of motion picture arts and sciences during the 2017 academy awards , actress and advocate for sexual assault survivors brie larson presented casey affleck with the best actor award . newline_char ” as the most recent recipient of the best actor award , casey affleck is scheduled to present the best actress award at the  newline_char social media users were quick to point out that larson refused to clap for affleck while he received a standing ovation from the audience . newline_char when asked if her refusal to join the applause had something to do with sexual harassment allegations against affleck , larson responded that what she did “ spoke for itself. story_separator_special_tag affleck won the best actor award last year for “ manchester by the sea. newline_char casey affleck has withdrawn from presenting the best actress award at the 2018 oscars amid continuing concern about sexual harassment allegations .
