sunday night marked ricky gervais ' fourth time hosting the golden globes—more times than anyone else , even tina fey and amy poehler—and he 's also been the most controversial . why stars and show producers have always been nervous : gervais is n't " afraid to throw shade , " as hollywood life puts it ( and a nsfw tweet he posted sunday afternoon shows he was n't exactly going in afraid to offend ) . so what came out of his mouth at this year 's show ? after showing up at the podium with a pint in hand and calling the audience a bunch of " disgusting , pill-popping , sexual deviant scum , " ricky gervais confessed he wanted to go into hiding after doing the monologue and that " not even sean penn will find me . snitch . " he followed that up with a promise that he 'd be nicer this time around , adding , " i 've changed . not as much as bruce jenner , obviously . " gervais could n't resist sneaking in some topical american humor . " eva longoria and america ferrera are n't just beautiful , talented actresses , " he noted . " they 're also two people that your future president , donald trump , ca n't wait to deport . " he stuck to his promise to " bite the hand that feeds me . " that award is , no offense , worthless , " he told nominees . " it 's a bit of metal that some nice old confused journalists wanted to give you in person so they could meet you and have a selfie with you . " along those same lines , per entertainment weekly : " it 's right that nbc should host this award show . they 're the only network that 's truly fair and impartial and that 's because they 're the only network with zero nominations . " " he 's been the only person ben affleck has n't been unfaithful to , " he said before calling matt damon to the stage , per the telegraph . about women not getting paid as much as men in hollywood : " i 'm being paid exactly the same as [ what tina fey and amy poehler received ] last year . no , i know there were two of them , but it 's not my fault if they want to share the money , is it ? that 's their stupid fault . " nbc bleeped out what gervais said to mel gibson during their head-to-head , but ew says he noted : " what the f -- k does 'sugar t-ts ' even mean ? " —a phrase gibson reportedly used during a 2006 arrest . here are the night 's big winners .
