if you thought the twisted details of the cleveland case ended with yesterday 's news of reported sightings of naked women in ariel castro 's backyard , well , steel yourself : new reports reveal castro bizarrely and brazenly inserted himself into the search for one of the missing girls . the latest : the ap reports that castro physically aided in the search for gina dejesus , going so far as to hand out fliers with the 14-year-old 's photo and perform at a musical fundraiser held in her honor . ( dejesus ' uncle played in bands with castro over the last two decades . ) as previously reported , castro attended a 2012 vigil for dejesus ; the ap now reports that a witness saw him comforting the girl 's mother . a neighbor tells the ap he was with castro the day investigators dug up a yard looking for remains . castro reportedly told him , " they 're not going to find anyone there . " brother pedro reportedly took things even further : he spoke to fox 8 in 2012 after the crews excavating a lot in search of a body found nothing . the line from its report at the time : " cleveland resident pedro castro said , 'that ’ s a waste of money . ' " but fox 8 also reports on ariel castro 's bizarre connection with another one-time suspect : fernando colon , who the fbi questioned in 2004 about dejesus ' disappearance , after it was determined that he and his stepdaughter were the last ones to see her . and here 's where it gets weirder : his stepdaughter , arlene , is castro 's daughter . colon was convicted that same year of molesting two of castro 's daughters ; castro himself testified for the prosecution , and colon now says he plans to appeal his conviction , asserting that castro was attempting to keep the spotlight off his own crimes . further , he says he told the fbi to look into castro in connection with the missing girls . odder still , arlene actually appeared on america 's most wanted to discuss the case in 2004 . she says that she was with dejesus on the day she went missing , and borrowed 50 cents from her to call her mom to ask for permission to go to dejesus ' home , reports the plain dealer . her mom said no and the two went in different directions ; but dejesus no longer had enough money for bus fare , so she began to walk , then vanished .
