sometimes paradise is better off lost : off the coast of india in the bay of bengal , a manhattan-size island called north sentinel island boasts a deep green canopy of trees , stretches of sandy beaches , coral reef barriers—and a population that 's decidedly hostile to outsiders , who are n't likely to live long . as wackulus explains , the isolated indigenous tribe , one of the last of its kind on earth , almost always attacks visitors . a little digging uncovered this story : after a night of drinking in 2006 , two fishermen drifted too close to the island and were killed by the sentinelese , who 've lived there for 60,000 years . a helicopter sent to recover their bodies was halted by tribesmen 's arrows , the telegraph reported at the time ; the air generated by the copter 's rotors revealed their bodies in shallow graves . one of the earliest known encounters a century earlier ended when a convict who 'd escaped from the neighboring andaman islands ended up on the island with his throat slit , the new york times reported in 2012 . in 1967 , the sentinelese—a stone age people but for the metal-tipped arrows carved from wrecked ships—hid from an indian government expedition , during which a marker was placed on the island , declaring it part of india . indian anthropologist tn pandit 's visits in the late 1980s and early 1990s proved more exciting . he left gifts of coconuts , knives , cloth , mirrors , and once a live pig . the native hunter-gatherers—believed to number between 50 and 400—killed the pig and buried it in the sand , but only insulted pandit 's group . " they would turn their backs to us and sit on their haunches as if to defecate , " he told the independent . india has since established a 3-mile exclusion zone around the island to protect both outsiders and the natives from disease . survival international argues it 's all for the best as the natives are " extremely healthy , alert , and thriving . " they have fire and are believed to dine on fish , fruits , tubers , wild pigs , lizards , and honey . ( this video reportedly shows the first contact with an isolated tribe . )
