the supreme court heard oral arguments yesterday in abc v. aereo , a much-watched case that could have big implications for both cloud computing and broadcast television—implications the justices did n't seem comfortable with . aereo allows users to record broadcast tv online and watch it at their leisure . the major broadcast networks are suing it for copyright violation , and stand to lose billions in fees cable companies pay to carry their programming . aereo says it 's simply renting users the equipment to do online what they can legally do at home . here 's how the arguments went : " if you 're comfortable with the supreme court resolving disputes over technology , the transcript of tuesday 's oral arguments … should change your mind , " writes jon healey at the la times . stephen breyer at one point made an analogy to " what used to be called a phonograph record store . " he also worried that aereo 's antennas could " pick up every television signal in the world , " which is n't true , healey pointed out , " because the world is n't , you know , flat . " the justices seemed skeptical of aereo 's business model . " it 's not logical to me that you can make these millions of copies and essentially sell them to the public , " sonia sotomayor said . john roberts said the company was only using thousands of small antennas , instead of a few big ones " to get around copyright laws , " the wall street journal reports . but the justices also seemed genuinely worried that their decision could stifle innovation . sotomayor asked what effect this would have on " the dropbox and the icloud . " when the broadcasters ' lawyers told them to " just be confident " that aereo 's service was different , samuel alito said , " i do n't find that very satisfying . … i need to understand what effect it will have on these other technologies . " aereo 's best hope is that the justices adhere to a lower court 's cartoon network vs. cablevision ruling , which held that customers could make dvr recordings on cablevision 's hard drives , writes lyle denniston at scotusblog . at one point , anthony kennedy suggested lawyers pretend that decision had come from the high court . ultimately , the justices did n't seem to like their options . " this is really hard for me , " sotomayor confessed . " i do n't see how to get out of it , " breyer agreed .
