the federal communications commission will vote on net neutrality today , after lengthy debate . though the topic seems destined for the courts , the fcc 's decision " is going to be a benchmark , " a researcher tells usa today . the board is expected to approve chairman tom wheeler 's guidelines to regulate the internet like a utility , as president obama suggested . his proposal also labels broadband providers as " common carriers " under title ii of the telecommunications act , which means the fcc could prohibit paid prioritization for " fast lanes , " nbc news reports . what does that mean for you ? " all this ruling means is that there will be fcc jurisdiction to examine practices and hear complaints , " a legal professor explains . he bats down claims that this is " an all-or-nothing decision that will transform the internet , " suggesting much is still to be determined . " your broadband will still cost the same amount as it did before . " essentially wheeler 's rules would mean internet service providers must treat all traffic equally , which is why netflix—which claims almost 35 % of peak traffic in the us—supports the move . it ca n't be charged more for the bandwidth it uses . companies like etsy , kickstarter , tumblr , and vimeo support rules similar to wheeler 's . in the past , so did google . but nearly a decade after google and facebook first pushed for new rules , the search giant has urged the fcc to draft rules boosting investment in broadband internet networks , as have net neutrality opponents at & t and comcast , the wall street journal reports . an expert predicts the " public utility-style regulations " will " create a tremendous amount of chaos " for cable and internet companies , particularly when it comes to addressing congestion . they would have to ensure their practices of freeing up bandwidth are " reasonable , " npr reports . the rules also include what 's called " zero-rating , " which is when an app or group of apps—for example t-mobile 's music freedom plan—is n't counted against a user 's data cap . sounds like a bonus , right ? " that distorts competition , " says one expert . republicans generally consider wheeler 's rules a government power grab . congress could respond with legislation that undercuts wheeler 's guidelines , but obama would likely veto .
