compared to last month 's cnbc debate , tuesday night 's gop debate in milwaukee was long on policy and short on " gotcha " questions and clashes between candidates and moderators , though analysts say the scorecard is n't that different from last time around , with front-runners donald trump and ben carson both failing to shine . a look around at the chatter : winners . ted cruz and marco rubio were widely seen as the night 's standouts , with politico describing them as " the two strongest candidates " after " showcasing their mastery of the facts and ease under the bright lights . " chris cillizza at the washington post deems cruz , after his attacks on dc 's " crony culture , to now be the " outsider " candidate most likely to succeed . honorable mentions . carly fiorina and rand paul both had praiseworthy moments , with fiorina once again demonstrating a strong command of the issues and impressive debating skills . paul managed to get his message on fiscal policy across , and , " at this stage of his candidacy , that amounts to a win , " per the post . carson 's performance was seen as middling , with policy answers lacking in substance , though he did ably deflect a question about the recent controversies over his life story . jeb bush . he needed a good night after a dismal performance last month , and opinions are split on whether he delivered . it " was bush 's best performance in any of the debates so far , " according to the hill—but " unfortunately for him , that 's a rather low bar . " he was more assertive than in previous debates , though it 's " uncertain " whether that will be enough to give his campaign much of a boost , notes a new york times assessment . still , it adds that " he no longer seemed as desperate to be somewhere else , " while a politico analysis has a " bush stops the bleeding " headline and theme . losers . john kasich was more of a presence in this debate , but it was not a presence many people liked , with the national review calling him " angry , condescending , and unprincipled " and likening him to " the drunk , obnoxious uncle everyone wishes had n't accepted the invitation to thanksgiving dinner . " trump 's performance was seen as his weakest yet , and politico says he " committed perhaps the biggest gaffe of the night " by suggesting wages in america are too high . fox business network . unlike cnbc 's widely criticized debate , fox 's debate was seen as " fair and balanced , " with candidates receiving a roughly equal amount of speaking time , ranging from 13 minutes 35 seconds for cruz to 9 minutes 22 seconds for carson , according to politico . " and that @ cnbc is how you run a debate , " tweeted rnc chairman reince priebus . click for some of the biggest moments and best lines from the debate .
