there are 48 million americans who , at some point each year , may be unable to get enough food . meanwhile , a third of the country 's food goes to waste . this is n't as easy an issue to solve as it sounds—something maria rose belding realized while volunteering at a soup pantry as a teen . at one point , the pantry received 10,000 boxes of mac ' n cheese , but could n't find enough people in need before the stuff expired , reports quartz . " we were throwing away all of this food just because we could n't communicate , " belding tells the washington post . now a 20-year-old american university student , belding hopes the app and website she co-created can help : overflowing pantries list what extra food they have available on the means ( matching excess and need for stability ) database , and neighboring pantries get notifications , belding writes at the huffington post . grocery stores and restaurants with food to unload can make use of the site , too . belding remembers watching the first donation of canned beans pop up after means launched in february . " we were all anxiously sitting by our computers hitting refresh , " she says—the anxiety intensified by the fact that beans are donated so regularly they are n't a hot commodity . suddenly , " it just disappeared . " since then , the database has kept 4,000 pounds of food from the trash . while a similar service saved 50 million pounds of food in new york in 2015 by matching donations with food kitchens , means allows smaller organizations to do the ground work themselves , and currently has 200 accounts across 27 states . while grants and awards keep the site running for now , belding has plans : to track large retailers ' donations from a tax-benefit perspective , something most do n't currently do since those donations are made on such a local level . means would charge a small fee for doing all the tracking . ( on the food front , this young chef has left one of the world 's best restaurants to try to save america 's school lunch program . )
