bernie sanders did n't lose the democratic race on tuesday night , but with big wins for hillary clinton in ohio and at least three other states , he lost the momentum from his surprise win in michigan and fell further behind in the delegate count . analysts say that although the senator plans to keep his campaign going , clinton could now be impossible to catch . a roundup of coverage : sanders is now more than 300 pledged delegates behind clinton , which may be an insurmountable margin , reports politico , which describes his candidacy as a " teetering jenga pile of youth support , momentum , and access to online millions " —now minus the " buttressing block " of ohio . tuesday night 's results were a huge setback for sanders , who had been counting on wins in the midwest to keep his candidacy viable , reports the new york times , which notes that clinton 's delegate lead over sanders is about triple the size of the lead obama had over her at this stage in 2008 . the washington post also declares the race all but over for sanders , calling ohio a " back-breaking blow " that makes it nearly impossible for him to catch clinton—though he clearly " has both the determination and the resources to keep fighting , " and his campaign has already " accomplished far more than almost anyone anticipated . " sanders would need a " series of very big victories in big states " to catch up at this point , the los angeles times reports , but because of how delegates are allocated , clinton is still unlikely to clinch the nomination before california votes in june . in her primary night speech , clinton praised sanders ' " vigorous campaign , " but her focus was donald trump . " when we hear a candidate for president call for rounding up 12 million immigrants , banning all muslims from entering the united states , when he embraces torture , that does n't make him strong , it makes him wrong , " she said , per the hill . " we should be bringing down barriers , not building walls , " she continued . " you know , to be great , we ca n't be small . we ca n't lose what made america great in the first place . " sanders probably ca n't win , but he should definitely stay in the race , writes timothy egan in a new york times op-ed , praising the vermont senator for energizing young voters , forcing the democratic party to pay attention to the " angry millions in the margins , " and pulling clinton to the left on issues like trade deals and wall street . by staying in the race , sanders ' ideas " will shape every part of the party platform , which will give clinton what she lacks : a clear message , " egan writes . " eventually , he 'll endorse the woman he influenced , and democrats will be the better for it . "
