president obama says his reaction to the death of isis hostage kayla mueller is " heartbreak " —but he thinks her " great spirit " will live on . " the more people learn about her , the more they appreciate what she stood for—and how it stands in contrast with the barbaric organization that held her captive , " he tells buzzfeed in an interview yesterday . he stresses the government did all it could to free her , including deploying an entire operation " at significant risk " to free her and other us hostages . the government did , however , stick to its policy of not paying ransoms to organizations like isis ; abc news reports isis demanded $ 6.6 million for her release , and had set an august 2014 deadline for payment . more emerging details : although the government says it has been unable to confirm the cause of mueller 's death , per the new york times , isis sent mueller 's family three photos of her body , according to two people briefed on the family 's correspondence with isis . two photos reportedly showed mueller in a black muslim hijab that partly covered her face ; the third showed her in a traditional white burial shroud . and while the times sources said they saw bruises on mueller 's face in the photos , there was no evidence of " puffiness or other concussive effects associated with a bomb blast , " though they acknowledge she could have been located in a nearby building or injured by flying debris . the rescue operation referenced by obama took place july 4 in a predawn raid on a raqqa prison by delta force commandos , the los angeles times reports . but the two dozen soldiers were too late : the hostages—who also included james foley and steven sotloff—had apparently been moved a day or two before . " we never stopped trying to get her , " a defense official not authorized to speak publicly tells the times . " we never lost that focus . " officials yesterday told abc news that mueller may have been " given over " to an isis commander , and that forced marriage could have even been involved . " isis did n't see her as a hostage or a bargaining chip , " said one . devastated friends and relatives in mueller 's hometown of prescott , ariz. , say they hope her death will raise awareness of the plight of the syrian refugees she worked with , nbc reports . " the things that were important to kayla are finally getting the attention they deserve , " an aunt said . " the world grieves with us . "
