a renowned " ted-talker " and er doctor at new york city 's mount sinai hospital who served in iraq and who advocates for improved doctor-patient relationships was arrested tuesday and charged with sexually abusing two patients , the new york times reports . david h. newman , said to be in his 40s ( the times and new york daily news note he 's 45 ) first came to the attention of police when a woman in her 20s called them jan. 12 and said dr. newman assaulted her the night before . she says newman entered the private room in the er where she was being examined for shoulder pain , injected her with morphine even after she told him nurses already had , then groped her and masturbated on her face while she was incapacitated , sources tell the daily news . after that story broke , a second woman , 22 , came forward sunday and told authorities that during a september visit to the er for a bad head cold , newman had groped her breast , the paper notes . an assistant da said that newman—who cbs new york said " showed no emotion " as he entered the nypd 's special victims division tuesday with his lawyer—must have been carrying around his own supply of morphine , as only nurses are typically given access to the drug , per cbs . " [ dr. newman ] has been suspended from mount sinai pending the outcome of the investigation , and we continue to cooperate fully with the appropriate authorities , " a statement from the hospital says , per the times . authorities want a court order for newman 's dna to compare to dna on the hospital gown the shoulder pain victim wore ; she says she used the gown to wipe his semen off her face , then stashed it as evidence , the daily news notes . " that 's horrifying , " a south bronx woman who says she 's had multiple surgeries at mount sinai tells cbs . " to hear something like that is very scary … how many other women has this happened to ? " a judge tuesday night set newman 's bail at $ 50,000 cash or $ 150,000 bond , the times notes . ( jezebel has received multiple emails of support for newman . )
