nasa is going to the sun . more specifically , it 's launching an unmanned probe next year that will travel closer to the star than any spacecraft has done previously . " it 's a spacecraft loaded with technological breakthroughs that will solve many of the largest mysteries about our star , " says nicola fox of the johns hopkins university applied physics laboratory . in less scientific terms , per the telegraph : " we will finally touch the sun . " the nuts and bolts : the mission : the 10-foot probe will launch in july or august of 2018 and eventually get to within 3.7 million miles of the sun , about seven times closer than any previous spacecraft . eventually , it will be whizzing around the sun at a speed of 450,000 miles per hour , reports cnn . the mission ends in 2025 . corona : the probe will actually fly into the outermost part of the sun 's atmosphere , called the corona , per a mission overview at nasa that touts " humanity 's first visit to a star . " the heat : the probe will rely on a 4.5-inch-thick carbon-composite solar shield to help it withstand temperatures up to 2,550 degrees fahrenheit , reports orlando 's wkmg . instruments will remain at room temperature . the name : the probe 's name has been changed to the parker solar probe to honor astrophysicist eugene parker , who 's credited with discovering solar wind . parker , who turns 90 in june , is a professor emeritus at the university of chicago , and the guardian recounts that the theory he put forward in 1958 about a stream of charged particles flowing from the sun was once thought to be " crazy . " a first : this is the first time nasa has named a mission after a living scientist . " i 'm certainly greatly honored , " said the man himself , per space.com . two puzzles : scientists hope to better understand two things in particular : " how is the solar wind accelerated , and why is the ... corona so much hotter than the solar surface ? " ( it 's 3 million degrees fahrenheit vs. 10,000 degrees fahrenheit . ) why it matters : generally , solar storms are relatively harmless when they reach earth , but these particle bursts occasionally wreak havoc on satellites and here on earth , and they have the potential to be devastating . " the more we know about how these processes work , the better we can get at predicting when they will happen , " writes loren grush at the verge .
