scott walker is out of the gop race after a campaign that peaked well before it officially began : he led the polls in iowa for much of the year , but he has dropped out of the race after just 71 days , which abc news reports is one of the shortest modern presidential campaigns on record . where did it all go wrong for the wisconsin governor ? insiders tell politico that walker was overconfident , and though he tried to act as his own campaign manager , he seemed to be " making it up as he went along , " causing plenty of strategic blunders . fundraising dried up as donald trump 's rise pushed him to the sidelines , leaving him with a large organization but little support . his sudden departure from the race came after he failed to make an impression at the second debate and a cnn poll found his support at well below 1 % . " he was a terrible candidate , but he also got trump-ed , " a source tells politico . more : sources tell cnn that although a super pac supporting him had plenty of cash , walker 's campaign funds started to dry up after the first debate as donors looked elsewhere . walker " is a pragmatist above all else and just did n't see the path to a comeback " after his poll numbers collapsed even in iowa , a campaign insider says . walker was hurt by flip-flops on issues like birthright citizenship , where he changed his position three times in a week , cnn notes , and by gaffes like suggesting he would consider building a wall along the canadian border . in his exit speech last night , walker said he had been " called to lead by helping to clear the field in this race so that a positive conservative message can rise to the top of the field . " he urged other candidates to follow his lead so a clear alternative to trump could emerge , the washington post reports . some of walker 's former rivals praised him as he left the race , including marco rubio , who called him " one of the best governors in the country , " and donald trump , who said " he 's a very nice person and has a great future , " reports the hill . the rival campaigns did n't wait until walker announced his exit to start trying to poach his aides and his donors , the ap reports . the competition heated up after the announcement : a source close to the billionaire ricketts family , which had supported walker , tells the ap that within minutes of the governor 's press conference , the family received calls from six campaigns , some of them from the candidates themselves . ( rick perry has also dropped out of the race , and one donor wants his $ 5 million back . )
