president trump 's relationship with the media is very much front and center again , most notably after three cnn journalists resigned over a retracted story . trump himself went after the network on twitter— " what about all the other phony stories they do ? fake news ! " —and a white house spokesperson on tuesday pushed an anti-cnn video by right-wing provocateur james o'keefe . meanwhile , the president also is publicly feuding again with the new york times . here 's the latest : cnn mess : the network yanked an online article alleging that trump confidante anthony scaramucci had ties to a russian investment firm , and the new york times has more details on what happened and on how the network 's respected " triad " vetting system for sensitive stories failed . ( here is cnn 's apology note , which does not specify what was incorrect . ) awful timing : it could n't come at a worse time for cnn in the " fake news " wars , observes washington post media reporter paul farhi . despite trump 's suggestion to the contrary , farhi writes that cnn is not looking at " big management changes . " interesting nugget : he notes that cnn investigations editor lex haris , one of the three to resign , was away at a conference when the story ran . o'keefe video : in a press briefing , white house deputy press chief sarah huckabee sanders pushed an undercover video by o'keefe showing a cnn producer seeming to question the network 's russia coverage , reports the hill . " whether it ’ s accurate or not i don ’ t know , but i would encourage everybody in this room , and frankly , everybody across the country to take a look at it . " you can see it here . another coming : o'keefe tells the ap that another video involving a second cnn employee is coming . meanwhile , cnn stood by john bonfield , the producer in the first video : " diversity of personal opinion is what makes cnn strong , we welcome it and embrace it . " times feud : after the new york times ran an article suggesting that trump was not hands-on during the senate 's health bill talks , he tweeted that it was another " false story " about him . " they do n't even call to verify the facts of a story , " he complained . to which reporter glenn thrush responded , " call your office , sir . @ nytimes spoke to many , many , many members of your staff yesterday - & ran everything by your team . " 'nice smile ' : trump 's relationship with the media is n't all adversarial . while on a call with ireland 's new leader on tuesday , trump called over irish rte reporter caitriona perry and complimented her " nice smile . " the bbc has video , and it notes that trump critics are calling out the move as sexist .
