harry reid says he 's ready—no really , he means it this time—to use the so-called " nuclear option " to reform the filibuster . reid says that unless republicans allow him to move forward on a host of obama administration nominees , he 'll use a parliamentary maneuver to change the rules allowing them to block the nominees in the first place , the new york times reports . the threat sent a jolt through the senate yesterday . some highlights from the fracas : " the place does n't work , " reid said of the senate in a floor speech justifying the move . " the american people know the dysfunction we have here . and all we 're asking is let the president have his team . " mitch mcconnell was apoplectic . " this will kill the senate , " he declared at one point , saying reid would go down as " the worst leader of the senate ever . " " please . please , " reid rejoined . " if anyone thinks ... the norms and traditions of the senate have been followed by the republican leader , they ’ re living in gaga land . " that back and forth followed a closed-door heart to heart with democrats in which reid apologized for past deals to avoid the nuclear option ( particularly this one ) and lamented all the bush nominees he 'd let through after relenting in a similar 2005 filibuster showdown . " i ate sh -- on some of those nominees , " reid said , according to politico . republican bob corker wants to mend fences . " we need to understand your grievances more , " he told reid . roger wicker , meanwhile , has asked reid to hold a bipartisan meeting in the old senate chamber on monday . the change reid is proposing is actually pretty modest , new york explains , saying he 's killing only " the newest and most abusive use of the filibuster . " mcconnell and co. have been blocking any nominees necessary to enforce laws republicans disagree with , but ca n't change . but many worry the change could signal the doom of the filibuster entirely . asked if democrats were stepping on a slippery slope , barbara mikulski quipped , " every slope is slippery . that 's why they call it a slope . "
