there 's a whiff of desperation in the air over tonight 's vice presidential debate—and a hint of controversy , too . the desperation , of course , comes from the blue team , which is desperate to halt the momentum mitt romney gained in the first debate , and expects joe biden to be especially aggressive in attacking paul ryan . the controversy ? a conservative site has dug up evidence that president obama may have attended moderator martha raddatz 's wedding . here 's what you need to know : the daily caller has found that obama had attended the first of raddatz 's three weddings , back in 1991—he was a harvard law classmate of groom julius genachowski , who he later named to head the fcc . but the la times is not impressed , writing snarkily that " most of us in the political press have become far too complacent to backtrack even one wedding into the past of the debate moderators . " everyone is expecting biden to come out swinging . one biden staffer tells politico that the vp is " eager to draw the contrast—and very capable of doing so . " ryan himself told a radio station yesterday that he expects biden to come at him like a " cannonball , " according to usa today . expect biden to go on the attack when it comes to ryan 's medicare plan in particular . cnn also wonders if biden will bring up social security . ryan has advocated moving the funds into private investment accounts , an idea democrats usually attack profitably—but obama appeared to take it off the table in the first debate , saying he suspected he and romney had " a somewhat similar position . " ryan 's team also expects biden to bring up romney 's 47 % gaffe , and they tell the wall street journal that they 've specifically been prepping a response to it . on ryan 's end , everyone 's wondering just how wonkish he 'll be . cnn worries he 'll get " bogged down in arithmetic , " but politico suspects it could be his " greatest asset , a rope-a-dope tactic that will take voters into the policy weeds . " of course , all this sound and fury might not signify much . " by tradition , the vice presidential debates have been like the vice presidency itself : well-publicized but largely inconsequential , " quips the washington post , noting that gallup studies found they 'd never had a significant impact on the race .
