huma abedin is thus far still standing behind her man , but the guy running anthony weiner 's campaign for new york city mayor is not . weiner 's 31-year-old campaign manager , danny kedem , has quit , reports the new york times , in the latest tire to blow out for an increasingly battered and bare-bones campaign . weiner confirmed kedem 's departure this morning , noting , “ danny has left the campaign . he did a remarkable job . " kedem put his long-shot candidate atop the polls—before the latest round of sexting emerged . it 's not the only blow for weiner today , as top politicians raced to the sunday shows to throw weiner under the bus . a sampling : david axelrod , as per politico : " at this point it 's absurd . he is not going to be the next mayor of new york . he is wasting time and space . it 's time for him to go away and let new york have its mayor 's race . " peter king : " he should do himself and everybody a favor and step to the sidelines . he is not psychologically qualified to be mayor of the city of new york . i just ca n't see any way , even if this latest scandal would not have come out , that anthony weiner could have won . " mayoral rival christine quinn : " when you see scandal after scandal about this , what it does is create even more distrust and maybe even disgust in government . we really need to move beyond that . " and further : " has he disqualified himself ? yes . he disqualified himself , but not just because of these scandals . he did n't have the qualifications when he was in congress . he was in congress for 12 years , he passed one bill . " former clinton press secretary dee dee myers : the clintons " would like to see this go away . it 's very painful for the clintons . they are genuinely very close to huma . " and it 's all over but the singing anyway : “ he may still be in the race , but his campaign is over . voters are willing to forgive people as long as the person is genuinely sorry and tries to change . anthony weiner 's played voters for fools . ”
