a brief , planned ceasefire failed to materialize in gaza today , as death continued to rain down on the strip . israel had offered to hold its offensive to accommodate a visit from egyptian prime minister hesham kandil , provided hamas held its fire as well . but hamas said it would keep firing , and one israeli defense minister complained that 50 rockets had flown in from gaza during kandil 's visit , cnn reports . a hamas-run tv station reported that israel had kept firing as well , but israel says it took a break for at least two hours . in palestine the death toll has risen to 21 , including 13 civilians , reuters reports . among those civilians were seven children and a pregnant teenager . israel 's death toll held steady at 3 , despite the hundreds of rockets fired into israel . but hamas did up the ante by firing rockets near tel aviv for the first time . air-raid sirens sounded ( the last time they did so was during the gulf war ) and civilians ran for cover , though the missiles exploded harmlessly , with one going into the sea . " there will be a price for that escalation , " ehud barak vowed , according to the new york times . israel has now hit 250 gaza targets , while taking further steps toward a ground invasion , calling up 16,000 reservists , the wall street journal reports . it 's also steadily sending troops and armored vehicles to the border , notes cnn—between 1,500 and 2,000 are already there , one official said . israel claims the attacks have weakened hamas ' military capabilities and caused its attacks to lighten , but hamas denied that , saying it had hit multiple israeli targets today . kandil emerged from his meeting with hamas expressing solidarity , saying the new egyptian regime would be more active in helping the palestinians . " the time has changed , " he said . " no longer the israeli occupation will be able to carry out their attacks against the palestinians without being held responsible . that time is far bygone . " for its part , the obama administration says it 's seeking help from arab countries in calling on hamas to relent . " the onus rests squarely on hamas ... to stop its rocket attacks , " says a state department spokesman . un secretary-general ban ki-moon is planning diplomatic visits to jerusalem , ramallah , and cairo within days .
