the pollsters were wrong once again with france 's presidential runoff election but there was no surprise result this time : emmanuel macron defeated far-right candidate marine le pen 66 % to 34 % , a much bigger margin than the 20 points that had been predicted , reuters reports . but 34 % was still a record for le pen 's national front , and analysts say it shows the pro-business , pro-eu macron has a big struggle ahead to unite a divided nation—as does the fact that in a race between two political outsiders , more than a third of voters either did n't show up or cast a blank ballot . a roundup of coverage : the bbc looks at five reasons for what it calls the " political earthquake " of macron 's victory . they include the scandal that knocked out the initial front-runner , and a strong grassroots operation inspired by barack obama 's 2008 victory . the result may be a sign that the " populist wave " that led to the brexit vote and the election of president trump may be fading , the new york times reports . " i understand the divisions of our country that have led some to vote for extremists , " macron said after the vote . " i understand the anger , the anxiety , the doubts that a great part among us have also expressed . " governing is going to be the hard part for macron , who will have to deal with the country 's established political parties while implementing his " neither left nor right " policies , ej dionne writes in a washington post op-ed . " macron is both a former investment banker and a moderate social democrat , " he writes . " demonstrating how these two sides of him fit together will define the drama of his presidency . " the guardian predicts that there will be no honeymoon period for the 39-year-old president-elect and his " en marche " movement . as well as the sharp divide between left and right , he has to deal with problems including mass youth unemployment , rising inequality , and the threat of terrorism , which still has the country under a state of emergency . condoleezza rice tells usa today that despite the defeat , marine le pen and similar anti-free trade , anti-immigration populists are still having a worrying effect on politics . " i really do believe that these populists are changing the character of the politics just by being there , so even mainstream candidates are having to respond to their agenda , " she says . vladimir putin and president trump were among the world leaders congratulating macron on sunday . " i look very much forward to working with him ! " trump tweeted . a spokesman for german chancellor angela merkel described the win as a victory for a " strong and united europe , " france24 reports . cnn notes that centrist candidates in europe and elsewhere are now looking to macron for an example of how to defeat candidates like le pen amid widespread voter dissatisfaction . macron 's youth—he is france 's youngest president ever and its youngest leader since napoleon bonaparte became emperor at 34—helped distance him from the political establishment .
