as the navy tries to figure out what caused its latest collision , two of the most common theories involve human error or some kind of electrical glitch in the navigation system . but another idea has surfaced as well , and the navy is n't ruling it out : hacking . " 2 clarify re : possibility of cyber intrusion or sabotage , no indications right now ... but review will consider all possibilities , " tweeted adm. john richardson , chief of naval operations , per fox news . the idea is that some foreign power , perhaps china or russia , interfered with the uss john s mccain 's gps navigation , and perhaps did the same before the deadly june collision involving the uss fitzgerald . here 's a look at what experts are saying : 'very unlikely ' : at popular mechanics , kyle mizokami tosses cold water on the idea that " gps spoofing " is to blame . for one thing , broadcasting such an interference signal would likely have affected dozens of ships in the area , not just the uss mccain , and there 's no indication of that . plus , navy ships do n't rely solely on gps : human spotters should have seen the hazard . it 's fishy : " there ’ s something more than just human error going on , " a former information warfare specialist for the navy tells mcclatchy , referring to the string of navy accidents . the story notes that on june 22 , hackers appear to have manipulated the gps signals of 20 ships in the black sea , the first such instance of gps misdirection , or spoofing . the ships ' gpses actually told them they were on land , and the best guess is that the interference came from russia . it 's fishy , take ii : " i don ’ t believe in coincidence , " a former member of israel 's cyber-warfare unit tells news.com.au . in addition to interfering with gps signals , hackers also could have planted malware in the ships ' computer network , he says . " china has capabilities , maybe they are trying things , it is possible . " the uss mccain had been returning from a patrol in the south china sea , where it sailed by one of china 's contested man-made islands , when the collision occurred . remains of some of the 10 missing sailors from the uss mccain have been found on the ship itself .
