a colorado busboy who 's low on cash and dealing with medical issues did n't let his own woes stop him from doing the right thing . johnny duckworth found $ 3,000 tuesday in an envelope that had fallen behind a booth at randy 's southside diner in grand junction , the ap reports . but while he could have pocketed the money , duckworth headed right to owner randy emmons . " he ... said , 'boss , i found this envelope , it feels like it has a lot of money in it , ' " emmons tells kkco . " and he handed it to me and walked away . … i was shocked . " shocked not only at the 30 $ 100 bills inside , but also at duckworth 's integrity , considering his own circumstances : on the gofundme page emmons set up to raise money for his star employee , who he says has worked at randy 's for nine years , he notes duckworth 's car is broken down and that he relies on others for housing , lacking the cash for his own place " because of the doctor bills he 's [ acquired ] that garnish his paycheck every week . " an atm slip inside the envelope allowed a local bank to track the $ 3,000 back to diner regular darrell cox , who had no idea he even left the money behind until the bank called . he showed back up at the diner on thursday to scribble a note to duckworth that said , " merry christmas to a super honest guy , " cox tells kkco . he also gave duckworth a $ 300 " tip " for his honesty . but duckworth does n't think what he did was a big deal . " it 's not mine , " he says , per the station . " i work for a living ; i make money . " emmons raves on the gofundme page , which has already racked up more than $ 11,500 as of this publication , that this attitude for the worker nicknamed " thumper " is n't unusual . " thumper is a great guy , " emmons writes . " he would give his last dollar out of his pocket to anyone that needed it , even though he does n't have much himself . … that 's the kind of employee i wish all of my employees were . " ( similarly honest workers turned in a bag containing $ 32,000 . )
