after weeks of late nights , house and senate negotiators believe they have hammered out a bipartisan spending bill that will ensure a year free from government shutdown drama . " there will be no shutdown , " says senate appropriations committee chair barbara mikulski . " this is a strong bipartisan bill , and it is a bicameral bill . " the bill covers discretionary spending throughout fiscal 2014 , ensuring the government remains open until at least october 1 . the time frame to pass the mammoth $ 1.1 trillion bill is tight , but both parties are keen to avoid another shutdown , politico notes . " i 'm on board , ” says alabama sen. richard shelby , the top republican on the appropriations committee . " it ’ s not everything anybody wanted , but we ’ ve been working hard at it , and it will lead us , hopefully , to regular order. ” rep. tom cole , an oklahoma republican , says he expects a majority of lawmakers from both parties to back the measure . " everybody can find something to complain about—legitimately so , " he tells the washington post . " but from the republican standpoint , gosh , this is $ 164 billion less than bush ’ s last discretionary budget , so that ’ s pretty good progress in cutting spending . " the bill eases the sequester spending cuts , providing just upward of $ 1 trillion to federal agencies and another $ 92 billion for overseas operations for a total of $ 1.1 trillion , marking the first time discretionary spending has fallen over four years since the korean war , according house appropriations committee chair hal rogers . federal workers will get a 1 % raise under the bill , which provides fresh cash for president obama 's push to expand pre-kindergarten education and contains no language that would block obamacare . the measure slashes homeland security funding by $ 336 million , with most of the cuts at the tsa . the measure also contains dozens of policy riders , including a continued ban on transferring gitmo detainees , prevention of funding for a ban on incandescent light bulbs , and new restrictions on aid to egypt , the hill finds .
