a 9/11 first responder with kidney disease close to losing his new jersey home is taking his plight public in a big way : through his website and a series of tri-state area billboards , the record reports . " add kidney disease for 9/11 rescue workers ! " the signs outside metlife stadium and the holland tunnel and on nyc buses read , referring to the illness 44-year-old mike megna says he came down with due to dust at the decimated world trade center , where he toiled for three weeks after the attacks . megna started seeing smaller symptoms , like a constantly runny nose and digestive issues , early on , but in 2006 blood began showing in his urine , and a diagnosis delivered heart-sinking news : he had a " super-rare " form of kidney disease that only 20 people in the world have . and while megna , who 's been disabled since 2011 , has applied for compensation cash from the james zadroga health and compensation act of 2010 , there 's a complication : kidney disease is n't one of the recognized illnesses covered by the fund . that means the divorced dad of three is n't eligible for any money—even though mary ann mclaughlin , a mount sinai medical center researcher who petitioned the fund two years ago to add the disease based on initial research , has examined megna 's records and believes the wtc toxins " may more likely than not " be tied to his sickness . however , a rep for the cdc 's national institute for occupational safety and health , which runs the program , says a disease can be added to the list—and compensation issued—only after " published , peer-reviewed epidemiologic evidence " shows " substantial support " for a direct link between the wtc fallout and the disease . megna will have to hold tight , per the rep , who says once mclaughlin publishes her study , kidney disease eligibility will be considered . but that 's time megna— $ 120,000 behind on his mortgage and anticipating dialysis down the road ( his kidneys are now functioning at 45 % , per the star-ledger ) —says he does n't have . " when they asked us to come down to help that day , i did n't wait , " he tells the paper .
