will smith stars as nicky , an established con man who takes on a new apprentice , australian newcomer margot robbie 's jess , in focus . they both love the con game , but who 's playing who ? here 's what critics are saying : richard corliss at time is a fan . " the mix of longtime star and minx on the rise is one tasty element in the success of a movie that approaches the modest goals and effortless allure of a 60-year-old hitchcock , " he writes . smith " takes a welcome break from glowering sci-fi roles " and writer-directors glenn ficarra and john requa " deserve some credit in letting will be will in the star 's first charm barrage since 2005 's hitch . " steven rea at the philadelphia inquirer admits smith " shows some of the movie-star wattage that 's been missing from his recent pics . he charms . " there 's also " combustible chemistry " between smith and robbie , but the movie just " disappoints , " rea writes . " even if you 're willing to forgive its sinkhole plotholes and farthest-fetched conceits , the film ... ultimately makes no sense . " betsy sharkey , on the other hand , says this " rom-com-con " is " an irresistible reminder of all the reasons we first fell for the fresh prince so many years ago . " writing at the los angeles times , she notes the romantic role of nicky fits smith perfectly , while robbie is " more than holding her own " as his match . " the scams are rubik 's cube complicated , but what keeps you guessing is whether the romantic connection between jess and nicky is real or just another con . " but mick lasalle at the san francisco chronicle is n't convinced . in a review titled " will smith just stole $ 12 from your pocket , " he argues focus is " ridiculous in every detail . it 's a movie with no truth that teaches nothing and shows nothing , that has only its audacity to recommend it . " nicky and jess lack " impact , " partly because " smith is not a strong leading man , " he says . viewers are left " waiting for the trick , which is not the same as being fooled . "
