those who follow the university of cincinnati 's president on twitter may have been thrown by a tweet he posted over the weekend , as well as by a speech he made at a local event . " my message tonight : there should be no stigma for those with mental illness . i tried to take my own life 2x . we need to support each other , " santa ono tweeted saturday night . earlier that day , ono had told 200 or so people attending a fundraiser that he attempted to od on cold meds and beer when he was 14 , and that he tried to kill himself once more in his late 20s , the cincinnati enquirer reports . the 53-year-old says his revelations , which came during a week when the university was remembering brogan dulle , a student who hanged himself in 2014 , were his way of shattering the mental illness stigma and supporting others with similar struggles . " i felt that if i really wanted to break the silence , the right thing to do was to take advantage of the fact that i communicate with a lot of people over twitter and social media , " he says . " i wanted to get that message out to a broader audience . " ono 's message was lauded online and by colleagues like dr. phil diller , head of the college 's department of family and community medicine , who says ono was particularly affected after dulle 's death and helped lobby for resources so the school could offer more mental health services , including five free counseling sessions to which every student is now entitled . meanwhile , dulle 's mom says ono has become a family friend . " it 's amazing that he was willing to share that to help other people , " she says . " it 's not easy for people to talk about things like that . " ono says he 's now been free of symptoms for 25 years and that although he would 've been " petrified " to talk about his struggles during his younger years , " now i 'm speaking from a much stronger station in life , and it 's important for me and others to speak about this to encourage legislators to support more programs . " ( the suicide rate has jumped for most americans . )
