donald trump entered the national abortion debate on wednesday as smoothly as a burning oil tanker slamming into a fireworks warehouse . after causing an outcry by saying that if abortions are banned , women who have them should be punished , he went on to claim the issue was " unclear " before issuing a statement saying that doctors , not women who have abortions , would be the ones to be punished if abortion was outlawed . " my position has not changed—like ronald reagan , i am pro-life with exceptions , " he insisted . a roundup of reactions : the statements came amid what politico calls " 24 hours of mayhem " for trump that also included scrapping his gop loyalty pledge , a fresh line of attack in the corey lewandowski case , and complaining about the geneva conventions . politico predicts that with the party now hopelessly divided , a contested gop convention is almost inevitable . ben carson offered a very carsonesque defense of trump in a cnn interview . " i do n't think he really had a chance to really think about it , " carson said , adding that trump was able to " come up with a more rational and informed type of answer " after talking to advisers . carson said he agreed with trump 's latter position that abortion providers , not women , should be the ones to be punished if the us ever bans abortion . ted cruz did n't pass up the opportunity to slam trump , the hill reports . trump " has demonstrated that he has n't seriously thought through the issues , and he 'll say anything just to get attention , " cruz said in a statement . " we should n't be talking about punishing women ; we should affirm their dignity and the incredible gift they have to bring life into the world , " added cruz , who , unlike trump , does not support exceptions for rape and incest under an abortion ban , according to the washington post . some anti-abortion activists are just as outraged as pro-choice groups by trump 's earlier comments , the new york times reports . they say the call to punish women shows that trump 's shift toward being anti-abortion is very recent—and insincere . " no pro-lifer would ever want to punish a woman who has chosen abortion , " says the president of the march for life education and defense fund . " we invite a woman who has gone down this route to consider paths to healing , not punishment . " the washington post fact-checks trump 's claim that his change of position mirrors reagan 's , finding that this time , trump is not " glaringly incorrect , " although the comparison is a " gratuitous one that lacks historical context , and not analogous to his own evolution . " the post gives him two pinocchios on a scale that goes to four .
