scientists have been concerned for some time about " phantom menace " -type superbugs that are n't fazed by meds . the latest cdc data finds that 2 million people a year in the us are infected with bacteria resistant to antibiotics , and at least 23,000 die directly from those infections . and a new report from the cdc and the pew charitable trusts—the first research to quantify this issue , per the washington post—is n't encouraging . a study published tuesday in jama finds nearly one in three antibiotic prescriptions ( around 47 million per year ) are given needlessly to people with viruses such as bronchitis and the common cold , as well as for ear and sinus infections and sore throats not caused by bacterial infections—meaning the rx not only wo n't vanquish their illness , but can potentially build up antibiotic resistance , the st. louis post-dispatch reports . besides the drug resistance , overuse can up the risk for drug allergies and even an unpleasant-sounding diarrhea that can be fatal . the researchers analyzed 184,032 outpatient visits to ers and medical clinics in 2010 and 2011 and found that 12.6 % walked out with an antibiotic script , per the pharmacy times . out of an estimated annual antibiotic-prescription rate of 506 per every 1,000 people , only about 353 of those who received prescriptions should likely have received them . the times notes president obama 's initiative to cut down on unnecessary outpatient antibiotic use by 50 % by 2020 ; researchers say that , based on this study , we 'll need to slash overall antibiotic use by 15 % to meet that . " if we continue down the road of inappropriate use we 'll lose the most powerful tool we have to fight life-threatening infections , " cdc director tom frieden says . " losing these antibiotics would undermine our ability to treat patients with deadly infections [ and ] cancer , provide organ transplants , and save victims of burns and trauma . " ( here 's hoping teixobactin can help us out with superbugs . )
