tuesday was " make america work again " day at the republican national convention , though there was easily as much talk about hillary clinton as there was about the us economy . still , the convention seemed to run far more smoothly than on monday—it was as if they " had brought in an entirely new team of organizers , " according to politico—and the gop was unified enough to deal with the matter of choosing its nominee . among the winners in another eventful day at the quicken loans arena : donald trump . new york state 's delegation put trump over the top , making him the official gop nominee 13 months after he launched what was seen as a long-shot bid . he " did the unthinkable on tuesday night . and , whether you like him or hate him , he deserves a massive amount of credit for that , " writes chris cillizza at the washington post . donald trump jr . he " brought down the house " with a speech that put him on the national stage and added a personal touch to his father 's business successes , the hill reports . it briefly looked like there might be a repeat of the melania plagiarism controversy , but it quickly emerged that a francis buckley line in the speech had been put there by buckley himself , a friend of trump jr. 's who worked on the speech with him . chris christie . the new jersey governor may still be smarting from vp rejection , but the crowd loved how he denounced clinton from the point of view of a former federal prosecutor . they chanted " guilty ! " and " lock her up ! " as christie made the case against clinton . avocado growers . discussion of jobs largely fell by the wayside , but soap opera actress kimberlin brown , who has an avocado farm in california , managed to deliver both an in-depth discussion of jobs and a passionate call to help us growers by restricting avocado imports , politico reports . among the losers : party unity . trump won the nomination , but some 721 delegates voted against him in the evening roll call , making it the most divided vote of its kind since the contested convention of 1976 , the new york times notes . never trump . the movement " succumbed to multiple causes of death " on tuesday , with many rebels deciding they had no choice but to support the nominee , the ap reports . the utah delegation announced that all its 40 votes were going to ted cruz , but they ended up going to trump because utah gop rules require ballots to be cast for active candidates only . paul ryan . the house speaker has been trying to signal to party elites that he 's uncomfortable with trump and is " still the smart conservative they 've come to love , " but the balancing act fell apart on tuesday , according to dylan matthews at vox . " when the chips are down , when the nomination was being decided , ryan was out there in front , pushing trump forward , " he writes . ben carson . he " quickly went off script—and not in a good way , " writes cillizza at the post . his linking of clinton to lucifer via saul alinsky was a strange moment , writes tina nguyen at vanity fair , though since carson has " accidentally " insulted trump numerous times over the last few months , the campaign must have been relieved " that carson 's meandering thoughts went straight to hell , and not somewhere closer to home . "
