nfl players ' reaction to president trump in regard to the national anthem was , not surprisingly , a big topic on monday 's op-ed pages . here 's a sampling : wall street journal : the newspaper 's editorial sounds fed up with everybody involved , blaming the left for initially exploiting the colin kaepernick situation , then trump for exploiting the blowback . it adds that players who kneel should n't be surprised to hear boos , because " disrespecting the national anthem puts partisanship above a symbol of nationhood that thousands have died for . " but ultimately , the real losers in all this " are the millions of americans who would rather cheer for their teams on sunday as a respite from work and the other divisions of american life . " daily caller : in a column , scott greer writes that trump seems to be relishing his role as an " oval office culture warrior , " perhaps because his legislative agenda keeps hitting roadblocks . this fight may pay off : " in the fight over kneeling , trump is facing off against out-of-touch athletes who appear to be opposing the flag and the troops . espn and most political pundits may think he is a dummy for engaging in this fight , but if [ the ] nfl continues to lose fans over it , trump will come out as the victor . " new york times : its editorial pits trump as the villain here and kaepernick as the hero of sorts . the qb still ca n't find a team , but the weekend protests " might well have been a huge victory for free speech and the cause of racial justice he has so bravely espoused . " the editorial gives the last word to lebron james , who tweeted of trump that " going to white house was a great honor until you showed up ! ” washington post : the editors do n't care what trump thinks of kaepernick . but " when his response to protest is to question patriotism rather than engage on the issue of unequal policing—then it is mr. trump who 'disrespects our flag & our country . ' " usa today : its editorial faults trump as " divider in chief " and says his use of the presidential bully pulpit to fault those exercising their right to dissent is " simply indecent . " but an op-ed at the newspaper by former nebraska congressman jon christensen praises trump 's move . " when millionaire athletes refuse to honor america and pay homage to the men and women who died for our freedom , and instead , choose to use their field of occupation to make a statement , then i can choose to turn the channel . " they do indeed deserve to be fired , he adds .
