the mummy marks a return to the past and a nod to the future for universal : taking inspiration from its 1932 and 1999 films of the same name , it 's the first installment of a new " dark universe " franchise that is set to include flicks like jekyll & hyde and bride of frankenstein . tom cruise stars as an antiquities hunter who disturbs an egyptian sarcophagus and awakes an evil spirit . here 's what critics are saying : peter travers calls the mummy " a monster fail " that kills anticipation for future franchise flicks . it has too much cgi , and director alex kurtzman " ca n't seem to make sense of a script by numerous writers clearly unashamed of hack work , " he writes at rolling stone . he adds russell crowe appears as dr. jekyll and mr. hyde for no good reason . crowe is " surprisingly fun " in this role , but the film 's attempts to make him into " head honcho , superhero , and mad scientist all at once " may be its " worst conceptual misfire , " rafer guzman writes at newsday . but then , " virtually everything in this movie seems like the wrong decision . " it 's a " massive mess of a movie " that " seems doomed to repulse anyone who comes across it , " he writes . glenn kenny was also thrown off by the jekyll character , but that 's just one reason he 's warning that the " dark universe " franchise might be a " grievously ill-advised " one . its first installment has " plenty to get irritated about , " including some " very old-school sexism , " he writes at rogerebert.com . it 's " amazingly relentless in its naked borrowing from other , better horror and sci-fi movies " to boot . it 's not all bad , though , writes stephanie merry at the washington post . " some of the action is thrilling , especially a brilliantly choreographed plane crash , " and there are a " few genuinely funny moments . " but those moments " are no match for the cumbersome , convoluted story , not to mention the nonexistent chemistry between cruise and [ annabelle ] wallis , " she notes . not a good start , universal .
