one potentially tragic consequence of the government shutdown : with 16 employees of craters of the moon national monument in idaho now on furlough , the search for a missing woman last seen there has slowed dramatically . jo elliott-blakeslee , 63 , went hiking with amy linkert , 69 , on sept. 19 ; they were reported missing last monday when elliott-blakeslee did n't arrive at work . the body of linkert , who is believed to have died from exposure , was found last week , cbs news reports . now elliott-blakeslee 's family is asking experienced hikers to help search for her , kboi reports—the station notes that federal workers ca n't even volunteer to do their jobs during a shutdown . more unfortunate consequences : children with cancer are being blocked from starting clinical trials , officials say , since federal health employees are also on furlough . each week of the shutdown , 200 patients wo n't be able to start their clinical trials ; 15 % of these patients are expected to be children , and 33 % of those children ( or 10 per week for as long as the shutdown lasts ) have cancer . ongoing clinical trials will continue , however , abc news reports . the cdc has also furloughed employees , so it ca n't track multi-state disease outbreaks . and its seasonal flu program will be halted , which might hinder its ability to create next year 's flu shot , a spokesperson says . the washington post has a list of the nine most painful consequences . among them : of the more than 2 million federal workers whose paychecks might be delayed , 800,000 might never actually get paid . if the shutdown lasts more than a couple of weeks , veterans may not receive pension payments or see their disability claims paid . disability benefits for non-veterans could also be interrupted . the women , infants and children ( wic ) nutritional program could keep running through october in many states , but could shut down after just one week in some . and head start programs , which provide health , nutrition , and other services to low-income kids , will gradually start closing . npr runs down the shutdown 's many impacts on science and health . workers are furloughed and programs are being shut down at the national institutes of health , the cdc , the fda , nasa , the us geological survey , noaa , the epa , the forest service , and the nuclear regulatory commission . ( and as you probably have heard , the national zoo turned off its " panda cam . " ) one other impact ? a planned ku klux klan rally at gettysburg wo n't be happening .
