president trump 's first budget proposal was officially unveiled thursday morning—and it delivers exactly what he promised . the proposal—titled " america first : a budget blueprint to make america great again " —contains cuts that the washington post says could be the biggest reduction in federal programs since the post-world war ii drawdown . the environmental protection agency and the state department are the hardest-hit agencies according to budget previews , with cuts of around 30 % . military spending would be beefed up by $ 54 billion under the proposal , $ 1.5 billion is earmarked for a border wall , and homeland security would get a 6.8 % funding increase . a roundup of coverage about the $ 1.15 trillion spending plan : the document is here . politico reports that the budget is " red meat " for trump 's base , with deep cuts to their most disliked government agencies and programs , though it is also what 's known as a " skinny budget " because it is so short on details . a more detailed budget will be out in may . the ap lists winners and losers . the latter group includes the departments of energy , labor , and transportation , along with after-school programs and many independent agencies supported by tax dollars . white house budget director mick mulvaney acknowledged that the cuts would lead to job losses , reuters reports . " you can ’ t drain the swamp and leave all the people in it , " he said during a budget preview wednesday . he said that white house officials had looked at trump 's campaign speeches , and " turned those policies into numbers . " the new york times reports that congressional republicans have already declared parts of the plan dead on arrival . " the administration ’ s budget isn ’ t going to be the budget , " sen. marco rubio told reporters . " we do the budget here . the administration makes recommendations , but congress does budgets . " the hill notes that such proposals tend to be " little more than guidance " for lawmakers—and that the senate shot down obama 's 2015 budget 98 to 1 . the ap reports that the budget funds trump 's boost for the pentagon , the biggest since ronald reagan 's , with cuts to conservative targets including the national endowment for the arts , legal aid for the poor , and the americorps national service program . nbc notes that trump 's proposal , which makes cuts to 12 out of 15 cabinet agencies , only covers the " discretionary " quarter of the $ 4 trillion budget for the fiscal year that starts in october . the portion dealing with issues including taxation , social security , and medicare is due in mid-may . the washington post reports that the budget proposal 's elimination of funding for public broadcasting means that big bird 's doom has been predicted once again , though public broadcasting has survived previous " zero funding " proposals all the way back to richard nixon .
