glenn greenwald is resolutely standing by his story , telling abc today that if the nsa comes calling , “ i will tell them that there is this thing called the constitution , and the very first amendment of which guarantees a free press. ” of his sources , the guardian reporter dismissed claims of recklessness , saying they " risked their careers because what ( is ) being done inside the united states government is so alarming and so pernicious that they simply want ... for the american people at least to learn about what this massive spying apparatus is , so that we can have an open , honest debate about whether that ’ s the kind of country that we want to live in. ” further , he says , as per politico , “ the only thing we ’ ve endangered is the reputation of the people in power . " elsewhere in nsa news on your sunday dial : rand paul wants to sue : i 'm going to be seeing if i can challenge this at the supreme court level . i 'm going to be asking the internet providers and all of the phone companies ; ask your customers to join me in a class-action lawsuit . if we get 10 million americans saying , 'we do n't want our phone records looked at ' then maybe someone will wake up and things will change in washington . " mike rogers thinks greenwald 'does n't have a clue : ' “ neither did the person who released just enough information to literally be dangerous . taking a very sensitive classified program that targets foreign person on foreign lands , and putting just enough out there to be dangerous , is dangerous to us . it 's dangerous to our national security and it violates the oath of which that person took. ” dianne feinstein wants hearings : " i 'm open to doing a hearing every month if that 's necessary . " but there 's a but : " we ca n't actually go in there and - other than the two that have been released—give the public an actual idea of people that have been saved , attacks that have been prevented , that kind of thing . " john mccain thinks it 's ok : “ i believe that the fisa court system is an appropriate way of reviewing these policies . to somehow think that because we are having phone calls recorded as far as their length and who they were talking to , i don ’ t think that that is necessarily wrong if they want to go further and have to go to this court . " speaking of mccain , the new york times ... has this piece on the faces you keep seeing on the sunday shows over and over and over again .
