donald trump 's poll numbers among black americans are abysmal—he 's polling at around half the 6 % mitt romney received in 2012—but he has n't given up trying . on wednesday , he offered a " new deal for black america " in a policy-heavy speech delivered to what the washington post reports was a largely white audience in north carolina . the " deal is grounded in three promises : safe communities , great education , and high-paying jobs , " trump said , per the hill , blaming democrats for " total violence " in inner cities . he promised to provide incentives for companies to move to " blighted communities , " and to allow cities and states to declare such places disaster areas to receive federal funding . in other election coverage : earlier wednesday , trump took the morning off from campaigning to attend a ribbon-cutting at his new hotel in washington , dc , reports politico . " my theme today is five words : under budget and ahead of schedule , " he said . he went on to describe america as a great country where there is " no task or project too great " and " no dream outside of our reach . " at the dc event , trump congratulated newt gingrich on his " great interview " with megyn kelly , in which gingrich accused kelly of being " fascinated with sex . " deadline reports that on the kelly file wednesday night , karl rove told kelly that trump had wasted precious time opening the hotel and " complimenting newt gingrich on having a food fight with you last night . " the wall street journal looks at the latest damaging wikileaks release on the clintons . a 2011 memo from then-bill clinton aide douglas band outlines how his fundraising work on behalf of the clinton foundation also led to paid speaking engagements and other business opportunities for the former president . the new york times spoke to trump supporters at rallies in six states and found that many believe there will be violence , or even a " new revolutionary war , " if hillary clinton wins the election . but some still expect a landslide trump win . " you go through any neighborhood and see how many trump signs there are and how many hillary signs there are , and i guarantee you it 's not even going to be close , " a 44-year-old florida man says . " the only way they 've done it is by rigging the election . " the ap reports that clinton , who celebrated her 69th birthday wednesday , said she was struck that trump " was paying more attention to his business than to the campaign . that 's his choice , but we 're going to keep working really hard to reach as many voters as possible . " ( wednesday was a very bad day for trump 's hollywood star . )
