ruth bader ginsburg would probably need something harder than a bottle of fine california wine to get her to vote for donald trump in november—in fact , she does n't even want to think about him as president , as she told the ap in an interview last week before piling on the trump disparagement even further with the new york times and cnn . the jury is now in on her remarks , and she may want to appeal . some thoughts from around the internet : mark joseph stern writes for slate that ginsburg 's comments have been called " explosive , unprecedented , and unethical , " by both liberals and conservatives , and he agrees that what she did was " dangerous " as well as a breach of ethics . but he says that 's exactly ginsburg 's point , and it may be a strategic one in which she 's willing to give up her " good name " and " sacrifice some of her prestige … to send as clear a warning signal about trump as she possibly can . " ginsburg " abandoned judicial propriety to wrestle in the mud with a candidate she detests , " he writes . " it is not pretty , it is not pleasant , and it may not even be that smart . but it may be the one thing the justice can do to help prevent a president trump . " his entire take here . the new york times editorial board notes that ginsburg has done nothing illegal—but it 's sort of siding with trump on this one . the paper points out that antonin scalia 's recent death in an election year makes a new president 's possible influence in picking a new justice especially critical . it calls it " baffling " that ginsburg would stoop to his level and " call her own commitment to impartiality into question , " adding that dc already has enough partisan issues " without the spectacle of a supreme court justice flinging herself into the mosh pit . " the washington post adds that not only were ginsburg 's remarks not illegal , they were n't surprising , given her feminist history , nor were they necessarily untrue . but it agrees with the times that her " off-the-cuff " statements were " inappropriate " and probably best never spoken . " politicization , real or perceived , undermines public faith in the impartiality of the courts , " the editorial board writes , citing the code of conduct for united states judges ' section on refraining from political activity . " [ her comments ] fall into that limited category of candor that we ca n't admire , because it 's inconsistent with her function in our democratic system . " donald trump himself addressed ginsburg 's shade with the new york times on tuesday , but he added more thoughts on twitter early wednesday , tweeting , " justice ginsburg of the us supreme court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me . her mind is shot—resign ! "
