as the deluge continues in houston , one big question being debated is what role , if any , climate change played in the storm . as with most debates on climate change—particularly when talking about a single weather event—the views are all over the map . and some are suggesting that we need to frame the question differently to get the most accurate response . the details : wrong question : did climate change cause harvey ? that 's not the right question , writes dino grandoni at the washington post . " the better way to frame thinking about the connection is through the question : does climate change make storms like harvey more likely ? " this is a theme repeated in multiple posts on the subject , and grandoni thinks the answer is yes , for reasons spelled out below . 'worsened ' : one of the most cited pieces is from penn state professor michael mann in the guardian . " we ca n't say that hurricane harvey was caused by climate change , " he writes . " but it was certainly worsened by it . " the three big factors : higher ocean levels made the storm surge worse , warmer water made the storm more intense , and harvey stayed " locked in place " thanks to atmospheric changes brought on by humans . ( the latter was the subject of a paper by mann . ) maybe 'slightly ' : university of washington atmospheric scientist cliff mass is skeptical the link is that strong . " you really ca n't pin global warming on something this extreme , " he tells fox news . " it has to be natural variability . it may juice it up slightly but not create this phenomenal anomaly . " link is 'unknown ' : texas state climatologist john nielsen-gammon thinks it 's too early to assess any link . " the climate change impact on the strength of harvey is unknown , " he writes to cnn . " climate change is expected to increase the intensity of the strongest storms , but it 's not clear whether harvey was in that category . " still , he notes that heavier rain in general is a " direct consequence " of climate change , and harvey certainly fits that pattern . too 'fussy ' : david leonhardt at the new york times thinks " it 's time to shed some of the fussy over-precision about the relationship between climate change and weather . " the evidence is overwhelming that human-caused climate change results in storms such as harvey , he writes , and our timidness in admitting it is holding up solutions . all about the rain : the jury is out on whether climate change increases the frequency of hurricanes , writes david roberts in a wide-ranging q & a at vox . but he , too , says it 's clear that heavier rain is an undisputed consequence . " in fact , due to sea level rise and more moisture in the air , i expect flooding to be the most frequent public face of climate change over the next decade or so . " media coverage : you wo n't hear much about climate change in the current news coverage because reporters do n't want to " politicize " the situation , writes naomi klein at the intercept . " but here 's the thing : every time we act as if an unprecedented weather event is hitting us out of the blue , as some sort of act of god that no one foresaw , reporters are making a highly political decision , " she notes . in contrast , panelists on fox 's the five spotted a cnn banner mentioning climate change and accused the network of pushing a liberal agenda . " it 's called the weather , " said co-host jesse watters .
