police in britain , angered by repeated leaks of sensitive information , have decided to stop sharing information on the manchester terrorist attack with american authorities . the decision came after photographs believed to show bomb debris appeared in a new york times report , sources tell the bbc , which calls the step a " hugely significant " move that shows just how angry british authorities are about leaks that could hinder the investigation . prime minister theresa may is expected to raise the issue with president trump at a nato meeting thursday , though the leaks are believed to have come from us law enforcement agencies , not the white house . in other coverage : the times report that infuriated british police has photos of the remains of a backpack and a battery found at the scene , along with detailed analysis of the blast site . analysts say the bomb , powerful enough to embed shrapnel in metal walls , appears to have been made with " forethought and care . " two more men in britain have been arrested in connection with the monday night attack , bringing the number of people in custody to eight , including one woman , reports reuters . suicide bomber salman abedi 's father and brother have been detained in libya . british authorities say the leaking of information provided under a long-standing cooperation deal is unacceptable . " these images from inside the american system are clearly distressing to victims , their families , and other members of the public , " a government source tells the guardian . " protests have been lodged at every relevant level between the british authorities and our us counterparts . " rep. mike mccaul , chairman of the house homeland security committee , says the device detonated at the end of an ariana grande concert shows a " level of sophistication " that suggests the involvement of foreign terror cells , the ap reports . " it looks like we 're not dealing with a lone wolf situation . there 's a network—a cell of isis-inspired terrorists , " the republican says . sky news reports that german intelligence services say abedi was in the country around four days before the manchester attack . security camera footage obtained by sky shows a man suspected to be abedi in manchester 's arndale shopping center on friday with what may be the backpack used in the bombing . one of the latest of the 22 victims to be identified is 14-year-old eilidh macleod , who had traveled from the scottish island of barra to manchester with her mother and a friend for the concert , the telegraph reports . " eilidh was vivacious and full of fun . she loved all music , whether it was listening to ariana or playing the bagpipes with her pipe band , " her family said in a statement .
