the supreme court heard arguments on california 's prop 8 yesterday ; today , the federal defense of marriage act is on the docket . what to expect : what is today 's case about ? doma defines marriage as a union between one man and one woman , meaning that gay couples who legally wed in states that allow gay marriage are denied federal benefits . the high court must decide if the federal government can constitutionally do that . the specific case being considered involves edith windsor , 83 , who married partner thea spyer in 2007 . when spyer died , windsor was hit with a $ 363,000 estate tax bill because their marriage was n't recognized . she 's suing for a refund . will windsor be there ? she is expected to be , but her health is declining , usa today reports . how many people are affected ? there are about 133,000 married gay couples not currently recognized by the feds , reuters reports . the washington post points out that while yesterday 's case involved people not yet married , today 's involves people who are . what are the tax implications ? if the supreme court strikes down doma , taxes for some same-sex couples might actually go up , politico reports . the so-called " marriage penalty " means that when couples whose incomes are similar file a joint tax return , they do n't get as many tax breaks as they would have had they filed separately . that " penalty " could end up applying to gay couples who currently skirt it . how will yesterday 's session affect today 's ? it may not . yesterday 's case could potentially involve a much broader ruling ; the court could theoretically strike down prop 8 and also extend gay marriage rights to all states . but the justices seemed wary of doing that . so , reuters notes , that case may have little bearing on today 's , since doma is a much narrower question . and , as npr reports , it 's also " a much clearer question , " and the themes that come up today are n't likely to be similar to yesterday 's . the only two expected outcomes : is doma constitutional or not ? when is a decision expected ? late june . a ruling on the prop 8 case is expected at the same time . is there a possibility there wo n't be a decision ? yes . the obama administration refuses to defend doma in court , so house republican leaders are defending it . the court could decide that those members have not suffered an injury that would allow them to bring the case , and could thus decide not to rule on it .
