colombia 's worst air crash in two decades snuffed out a storybook run by a brazilian soccer team , and authorities are digging in trying to figure out why a chartered jetliner crashed in the andes , killing all but six of the 77 people now reported to have been aboard ; 20 journalists were among the dead . the latest : the ap reports the cockpit voice recorder and flight data recorder are already being examined in an attempt to get at the cause of the crash , which was originally attributed to an electrical failure . but a flight attendant who survived reported the plane ran out of fuel just before it was to land at jose maria cordova airport outside medellin . the british aerospace 146 avro short-haul jet had a maximum range of around 1,600 nautical miles—about the distance between santa cruz , where the plane departed from , and medellin . an aviation expert tells the ap that air distance between cities is usually measured by the shortest route but planes rarely fly in a straight line , with pilots steering around turbulence , for example . there was also heavy rain when the crew declared an emergency monday night . abc news reports it may have been a " nightmare scenario " : flight data indicates the plane circled three times just outside medellin . the airport it was headed to is an infamously challenging one , located in a mountainous region at 7,000 feet , an elevation that necessitates a high-speed approach . three players from the chapecoense team survived the crash but sustained serious injuries , reports reuters : goalkeeper jackson follmann has had his right leg amputated ; defender helio neto suffered severe trauma to the skull , thorax , and lungs ; and alan ruschel underwent spine surgery . a heart-wrenching final statement , per the ap : moments before the plane took off , the team 's coaching staff gave an interview to a bolivian television station in which they praised the airline , saying it brought them good fortune when it flew them to colombia last month for the championship 's quarterfinals , which they won . " now we 're going to do this new trip and we hope they bring us good luck like they did the first time , " athletic director mauro stumpf told gigavision tv .
