the nation that seems to be showing up in most headlines thursday is nambia , mainly because it does n't actually exist . in a speech to african leaders wednesday , president trump referred to " nambia " not once but twice , first in his general introduction and then later when he mentioned that " nambia 's health system is increasingly self-sufficient . " as the bbc notes , that led to plenty of online jokes , along with people wondering whether he meant gambia , zambia , or namibia . turns out , it was the last of those . coverage : for the record : the official white house transcript of the speech made the correction without mention of the mispronunciation . ( you can hear for yourself in this video . ) but that has n't slowed a barrage of coverage making light of the president 's mistake . one example : at cnn , anderson cooper referred to nambia as a " magical land far , far away " in his recap . namibia 101 : the gaffe has led to a slew of civics-type primers about namibia . time , for instance , notes the tiny nation of fewer than 2.5 million people is relatively young , having achieved its independence in 1990 . among the factoids it highlights : namibia is a big producer of diamonds and it has environmental protection written into its constitution . silver lining : " if trump 's blunder was worth anything , it was this : the world now knows about namibia , " writes luis gomez at the san diego union-tribune . he notes that namibia also is one of the top global producers of uranium . the main point : the gist of trump 's speech was to tout the region 's economic potential ( he said he has friends who go there " trying to get rich " ) , and a member of the african advocacy group one praised the intent . " i know 'nambia ' will be the narrative that comes from those remarks , but potus is right on this : africa has tremendous business potential , " tweeted rep ian koski . namibia 's reaction : officially , nada . no major government official , including president hage geingob , who was present , has said anything publicly about the mistake . but the washington post reports that namibians themselves sound a little miffed and are mocking trump , like so .
