why did microsoft buy nokia 's phone business ? we now know microsoft 's answer : the computing giant released a 30-slide presentation today arguing that the move will improve microsoft 's margins on windows phones , which will allow it to invest more in the platform , which will accelerate sales and market share growth , the washington post reports . but john herrman at buzzfeed has another explanation : " fear of dying alone . " here 's what he and other pundits are saying : the presentation " manages to sound both insane and uninspiring , outlining modest goals that still sound unrealistic , " herman argues—like capturing a whole 15 % of the smartphone market . " it 's a fitting end for the close of microsoft 's ballmer era , during which the company … missed out on the most important change in consumer electronics in decades " while remaining profitable in unglamorous ways . like everyone , microsoft is trying to ape the apple model , mobileopportunity observes . but it 's not so sure that 's a good idea . " there already is an apple , " the blog points out , and other software/hardware hybrid companies , like palm and blackberry , have been crushed under its heel . maybe microsoft should have tried to patch up its tried-and-true strategy of licensing its os . the move risks complicating microsoft 's crucial relationships with other pc and device manufacturers , one analyst tells zdnet . but he adds that " microsoft needed to make a bold move " or face " certain terminal decline , " and that the price it paid for nokia " seems extremely reasonable . " meanwhile , matthew yglesias at slate digs up a fairly interesting memo from nokia ceo ( and , perhaps , microsoft heir apparent ) stephen elop , in which he uses the story of a deepwater horizon worker leaping from the burning oil platform—a seemingly desperate , yet necessary move—to explain the company 's shift from its own failed os to windows phone . of course , yglesias notes , that move " was basically a total failure . " to read the full parable , click here .
