it seemed a good idea at the time , but china 's propaganda officials are now reportedly walking back one particular attempt to paint president xi jinping as the " people 's president " by asking state media to stop referring to him by his nickname , per the guardian . that nickname is " xi dada , " or " big daddy xi , " and while the intent of the moniker was , as another guardian article frames it , to " craft the image of an approachable public servant , " it seems to have instead created a cult of personality that some fear is reminiscent of mao zedong . sources tell bloomberg that both the xinhua news agency and the 21st century business herald were " cautioned " last month about using " xi dada , " even though the name does n't appear to have been blocked from online searches or scrubbed online , and no explicit written ban seems to have been issued . the nickname got its start after a fan club started circulating it in 2012 , per the people 's daily , and xi himself gave it the thumbs-up in 2014 . there 's even a series of songs that have been dedicated to big daddy xi , including " our xi dada " and " xi dada loves peng mama " ( referring to his wife ) . " i thought the chinese system had moved beyond one-man-rule and personality cults , " noted chinese scholar david shambaugh scoffs to the guardian . " i do not think it is good for china . this is not the 1960s . " experts speculate it 's that sort of thinking that may have caused officials to try to pull back the name , even blocking the economist website for posting a cartoon xi in a mao-style getup next to the headline , " beware the cult of xi . " some say xi is likely not pleased . " that 's a big-time propaganda failure , " the author of a book on xi 's rise tells the guardian . " i can imagine that in their five-minute-a-month meeting with xi jinping , the head of publicity got told : 'whose bright idea was that [ nickname ] ? send him or her to gansu [ in china 's far west ] ! ' " ( did taiwan 's president call him " big daddy xi " during their historic handshake ? )
