after hillary clinton and bernie sanders faced off in the first democratic debate since sanders ' big win in new hampshire , critics agreed there was one big loser : henry kissinger , who came under merciless attack from bernie sanders . " i 'm proud to say that henry kissinger is not my friend , " sanders told clinton . here 's what people had to say about the candidates ' performances : " this was clinton 's best debate of the election , " decides chris cilliza at the washington post . she was " in total control all night " and scored plenty of points against sanders , he writes , while sanders stumbled despite an improved command of foreign policy—and will probably regret claiming that he will be better on race relations than president obama . clinton did n't score any home runs but she still won , according to matthew yglesias at vox . nothing happened that would cause clinton supporters to think twice , he writes , while voters getting a first look at sanders would not have been impressed : the candidate turned in a " dangerously complacent debate performance " and failed to assuage " doubts about his electability " or add anything new to his critique of clinton . scot lehigh at the boston globe also calls the debate for clinton . she came out on top by " presenting herself as a deeply knowledgeable candidate whose progressive stands are tempered by real-world practicality , " he writes . this was the case in her attacks on sanders ' plan for a single-payer health care system , where clinton stressed that the " focus should be on expanding coverage and care to those who still lack it , rather than starting from scratch and overhauling the entirety of the system . " both candidates " performed well initially in talking about systemic racism and reforming the criminal justice system , " but the " calm , cool , and collected " clinton prevailed , writes lucia graves at the guardian . sanders , she writes , " was oddly on the defensive despite what has been momentum in his favor , starting out the night more combative than clinton and wasting his time on petty one-liners . " click for some of the debate 's best lines .
