oil giant bp lost $ 5.2 billion last year , but the company somehow saw fit to propose maximum bonuses for 2015 for its top executives , including a 20 % pay increase for ceo bob dudley—a proposal that 59 % of shareholders roundly rejected by proxy vote at thursday 's annual meeting , marketwatch reports . the company had indicated earlier in the day that it may also have to reduce its dividend , the wall street journal reports . dudley is set to receive the full bonus he was eligible for , which comes to $ 4.2 million ( including $ 1.4 million in cash and a portion in deferred bp shares ) , per an earlier marketwatch report . this amount was bumped up from the $ 3 million ( $ 1 million in cash ) he received in 2014 . bp 's cfo was also on the list to rake in his full bonus . " we think it sends the wrong message , " a rep for shareholder royal london asset management tells the bbc . " it shows that the board is out of touch . " not only did bp suffer straight-up monetary losses as the price of oil fell , it also announced it will be getting rid of about 7,000 jobs and taking other belt-tightening measures . and the financial times notes that other energy company execs saw their pay slashed in 2015 . but a bp spokesman says " executives performed strongly in a difficult environment in 2015 , managing the things they could control and for which they were accountable . " andy critchlow , writing for the reuters breakingviews blog , agrees . " dudley has to work harder than his predecessors , " he writes , noting the ceo has helped the company recover from the 2010 deepwater horizon disaster and improved safety protocol . " the mild-mannered american has had possibly the toughest job in the oil industry . his rewards look in line with that task . " carl-henric svanberg , chairman of bp 's board , says the nonbinding shareholder vote wo n't alter the payouts they 've already decided on , but that the board will take investors ' concerns into account when coming up with next year 's compensation packages .
