interviews with donald trump and related stories about him and his policies are in full supply two days before he takes office . a sampling : the washington post has a feature on trump 's life in trump tower : he " rarely leaves , not even for a breath of fresh air , " and generally stays surrounded by a close circle of family and advisers . despite his regular tweets , trump does n't use email and almost never surfs the internet , but he does have one unusual access point : he answers his own cellphone , " something that acquaintances and colleagues speak of in almost reverential terms . " read the profile here . axios has an interview with trump , and the interviewers write that the president-elect " seemed moved " by his intel briefings . " i 've had a lot of briefings that are very … i do n't want to say 'scary , ' because i 'll solve the problems . but … we have some big enemies out there . " read it in full here . the wall street journal also interviewed trump , and it had real-world implications : " the dollar tumbled to its lowest level in a month after donald trump suggested ... he favored a weaker dollar , breaking with decades of tradition and intensifying investor concern over the incoming administration ’ s capacity to surprise . " read it here . in a wide-ranging interview with the new york times magazine , joe biden sounds worried about trump 's shifting foreign policy pronouncements . " it 's like a rubik 's cube trying to figure this guy out , " he says . " we have no freakin ' idea what he 's going to do . " read it in full here . trump will enter office with only about half of his cabinet in place . politico takes a look here . trump also will enter office as the most unpopular president in at least 40 years ( see abc news ) , while president obama exits with his approval ratings at an all-time high ( see cnn ) . the hill looks ahead and sees five areas where trump and democrats can make progress , including a possible boost in minimum wage . the list is here . see friday 's inauguration schedule here .
