superstorm sandy is battering coastal communities tonight with storm surges , downpours , and high winds , causing power outages and evacuation orders from vermont to virginia . no longer officially a hurricane , sandy is starting to merge with two cold fronts , becoming bigger and messier but slightly weaker , sustaining winds of 85mph , according to cnn . as of this evening , about 2 million were without power along the eastern seaboard , according to the ap and other sources . some specifics : facing a direct hit , new jersey is suffering flooding , high winds , and 434,000 power outages . part of the garden state highway has been closed due to rising waters , and atlantic city is so flooded that cars are underwater , cnn reports . part of the city 's famed boardwalk has been washed away . hoboken , meanwhile , is banning all driving after 4pm . new york city is expecting storm surges as high as 11 feet . thousands of flights have been canceled , and the subway has been shut down . gov . andrew cuomo has requested 1,000 national guard troops be deployed . about 452,000 are without power , and emergency crews have responded to a construction crane hanging dangerously from a luxury high-rise . the story is similar in pennsylvania , specifically philadelphia , which has also shut down its mass transit system , and seen hundreds of flights canceled . officials say wind could reach 75mph and rainfall 10 inches . national guardsmen have been told to be ready for deployment . power outages : 74,000 . flooding is expected to knock out power stations in connecticut , killing power for 117,400 . several coastal communities in massachusetts are being urged to voluntarily evacuate , the boston globe reports , and in boston all subway and bus service was shut down at 2pm . nearly 1,000 crews are out helping more than 300,000 who have lost power . flooding is expected along the coast with this evening 's high tide . washington , dc closed its rail service for the first time since 2003 , and the federal government has closed up shop save for emergency employees , the washington post reports . nearly 5,500 are without power . in virginia about 9,500 people are without power , and the same could happen to about 1 million more . chincoteague island is entirely underwater with 3,500 residents who decided to tough it out . maryland has seen damage to an iconic ocean pier in ocean city , and a blizzard warning has been issued for the mountainous western part of the state . about 145,000 are without power , the baltimore sun reports . west virginia has blizzard fears as well , with as many as 14 counties told to prepare for high winds , heavy snows , and flooded towns . vermont has declared a state of emergency to give it access to national guard troops . according to the ap , the state still has n't fully recovered from the damage wrought by hurricane irene . about 14,470 have lost power . rhode island officials say wind could drive water up narragansett bay and flood low-lying areas . about 110,000 are without power . keep checking back for more .
