" on the face of the evidence , there is concern that is raised about this officer ’ s conduct , " says salt lake county district attorney sim gill . many of the people who have racked up nearly 3 million views of the video that shows detective jeff payne arresting university of utah hospital nurse alex wubbels would likely agree . gill on friday called for a criminal investigation into the encounter , in which payne handcuffed a screaming wubbels after she refused to permit a blood draw from an unconscious patient—as she was right to do , according to law , because payne had neither a warrant nor the consent of the patient , who was not under arrest . the salt lake tribune reports payne was put on administrative leave friday afternoon , along with a second unnamed officer connected to the july 26 incident . more : mayor jackie biskupski and chief mike brown both called wubbels to apologize . per the city , the unified police department will begin a criminal probe into the matter , and an internal affairs investigation will be conduced as well . the tribune also offers more background on the patient in question : william gray , a 43-year-old who was driving a semi when a 26-year-old who was trying to evade the utah highway patrol crashed into gray head-on . that driver was killed , and a police official explains it 's typical to get blood draws of those involved in fatal crashes , even if they are n't suspected of wrongdoing . the ap cites payne 's police report , in which he wrote he was trying to avoid a " scene " by taking wubbels outside and that this his boss told him to arrest her if she did n't cooperate with the draw . wubbels ' attorney says the nurse was left in a hot police car for 20 minutes before the detective realized the hospital had already drawn the patient 's blood as part of treatment . the tribune notes that while the video may suggest payne was demanding wubbels draw gray 's blood , payne is actually one of a handful of officers certified to draw blood in accident cases , and was looking to draw the blood himself .
