as the us considers what to do about syria , there 's no shortage of advice on the pros and cons : pro-strike : nicholas kristof is generally wary of the " military toolbox , " but it 's important here to " reinforce the international norm against weapons of mass destruction , " he writes in the new york times . " for all the risks of hypocrisy and ineffectiveness , it ’ s better to stand up inconsistently to some atrocities than to acquiesce consistently in them all . " ditto : " deepening american involvement in yet another middle east conflict goes against president obama ’ s instincts—and ours , " write the editors at the miami herald . " unemployment should be his principal focus . but events have a way of intruding on presidential agendas . in this instance , it ’ s unavoidable . syria ’ s brazen disregard for humanitarian norms can not go unanswered . " bad idea : just what the world needs , yet another western military intervention in an arab or muslim country , writes seumas milne at the guardian . too many questions persist about the alleged chemical weapons attack , he writes , adding that military strikes would only escalate the war . " the risk is that they will invite retaliation by syria or its allies—including against israel—draw the us in deeper and spread the conflict . " better for the west to use its leverage with the rebels to try to force cease-fire talks . slow down : this is remarkably similar to the run-ups to both the iraq and afghanistan wars , writes patrick l smith at salon . " make that tragically similar . history proceeds , we americans insist on the virtue of ignorance , on learning nothing and knowing nothing . and what we are about to get is what we get , predictably and always . " give the un investigators the time they need , he urges . ask congress : whatever the final decision , president obama must consult with congress about it , writes amy davidson at the new yorker . " having people , representatives , raise their hands before you do something is not an empty ritual , even when they don ’ t vote the way you want them to , " she writes . the white house ca n't just ignore the war powers act whenever it 's convenient . " the administration needs to be interrogated , sharply , about just what it thinks is going to happen after the two or maybe three days of missile strikes that leaks tell us to expect . "
