muhammad ali died friday at the age of 74 , likely from complications related to parkinson 's disease . the death of the greatest led to an outpouring of tributes and memorials from those who knew him and others who admired him from afar . here are 13 of those reactions from athletes , celebrities , and politicians : “ it 's been said it was rope a dope , ali beat me with no his beauty that beat me . most beauty i 've know loved him , " george foreman tweeted . “ thinking of # muhammadali and remembering a man who was not afraid to take a stand and who was committed to being his authentic self , " billie jean king tweeted . " ali shook up the world—and the world is better for it , " the bbc quotes president obama as saying in a statement . “ the greatest man i have ever known , " billy crystal tweeted . “ the greatest made the world a better place . his work is done . we are better for it , " carl weathers tweeted . " ali exemplified courage—he never took the easy route , something to be admired in and outside of the ring , " the los angeles times quotes oscar de la hoya as saying . “ boxing benefited from muhammad ali 's talents , but not nearly as much as mankind benefited from his humanity , " the times quotes manny pacquiao as saying . “ his may be the greatest of 20th century american stories , " neil degrasse tyson tweeted . “ we will never forget your courage , standing up to those in power . you gave up your title & your career rather than kill vietnamese , " michael moore tweeted . " from the day he claimed the olympic gold medal in 1960 , boxing fans across the world knew they were seeing a blend of beauty and grace , speed and strength that may never be matched again , " abc news quotes a statement from bill and hillary clinton as saying . “ muhammad ali was the greatest , not only an extraordinary athlete but a man of great courage and humanity , " abc quotes bernie sanders as saying in a statement . “ muhammad ali is dead at 74 ! a truly great champion and a wonderful guy . he will be missed by all ! ” donald trump tweeted . “ god came for his champion . so long great one , " mike tyson tweeted . ( click here for the best quotes from ali himself . )
