yesterday was the day net neutrality died , with a court ruling that internet service providers are n't bound by fcc non-discrimination rules—so they can prioritize some traffic over others . the decision may mean major changes for the everyday user , and today , media sites are offering the details . among their warnings : the wall street journal reports that the decision could have a huge impact on sites like netflix and youtube , whose video services hog a lot of bandwidth ( they account for 32 % and 19 % of peak web traffic , respectively ) . if isps start making netflix , for instance , pay a usage fee to maintain speedy content delivery , that cost could make a serious dent in its profits—or trickle down to consumers . isps could charge sites big fees in exchange for faster content delivery , potentially giving giants who can pay , like amazon , a big leg up over independent retailers—not to mention other small businesses , the huffington post notes . providers might even go so far as to prioritize traffic to partner sites—time warner might push cnn , for example . another anti-competitive fear , via buzzfeed : big companies might start paying your data fees for the use of their sites . that might sound good—free data ? —but it would mean that companies with the ability to pay would have a major advantage over start-ups in winning users . as buzzfeed points out , " if , in this future , you 're choosing between two streaming music services , and one of them pays for your data , there 's a very good chance you ’ re going to pick that one . " beyond concerns over fees , there are worries that providers could block certain websites completely : comcast users could theoretically end up with no access to , say , netflix or vonage , writes troy wolverton in the san jose mercury news . but net neutrality , in some form , may live to see another day , the journal notes , reporting that the ruling " left open the door for the fcc to craft rules in a different form that might accomplish its earlier intentions . "
