syria may have given un inspectors the ok to access the site of last week 's alleged chemical weapons attack , but inspections are not off to a great start . a un rep confirms that one of the team 's vehicles was " deliberately shot at multiple times " by unidentified snipers in damascus ; all are safe . the shooting reportedly occurred in the buffer zone between rebel- and government-controlled territory , and the team will head back to the area once it replaces its vehicle , reports the ap . the syrian government , for its part , has already blamed " terrorists , " reports cnn . more : once they finally reach the site of last week 's alleged attack , un inspectors will spend two days taking soil , blood , urine , and tissue samples , reports the bbc . but reuters reports that the us and its allies are n't expecting much : they believe the regime 's offer to allow inspectors to the site came too late and any remaining evidence has probably been destroyed by heavy shelling . to wit , a senior white house official dismissed the visit as " too late to be credible . " assad , meanwhile , says that any american attempt at military intervention will be doomed to fail . " failure awaits the united states as in all previous wars it has unleashed , starting with vietnam and up to the present day , " he said in an interview with a russian newspaper . un chief ban ki-moon warns that " every hour counts " in determining the facts of what was a " major and terrible incident , " reports the guardian . " we can not allow impunity in what appears to be a grave crime against humanity , " he said . but the un security council , which is split on the issue , has already failed to shoulder its responsibilities and the uk and its allies may have to take action without its approval , britain 's foreign minister says . " is it possible to respond to chemical weapons without complete unity on the un security council ? " william hague tells the bbc . " i would argue yes it is , otherwise it might be impossible to respond to such outrages . "
