jeff bezos ' blue origin space firm beat elon musk 's spacex to the punch and launched its blue shepard reusable rocket into outer space , then returned to its landing pad in its " first successful uncrewed reusability test , " mashable reports . the be-3 rocket and empty crew capsule flew to a suborbital height of about 62 miles , at which point the capsule and rocket separated , engadget reports . the capsule landed on earth with the help of parachutes , the rocket 's engines roared back to life about 5,000 feet above the landing pad , and the rocket touched down at 4.4mph . " rockets have always been expendable , " bezos wrote in a monday blog post . " not anymore . now safely tucked away at our launch site in west texas is the rarest of beasts , a used rocket . " bezos also tweeted a video of the event tuesday morning , noting " controlled landing not easy , but done right , can look easy . " bezos notes how reusable rockets could economize space travel , telling cnnmoney that current space travel is akin to airlines throwing out every 747 jet after it makes a cross-country journey . " you can imagine how expensive your ticket would be , " he notes . elon musk tweeted kudos tuesday , posting , " congrats to jeff bezos and the bo team for achieving vtol on their booster , " though he turned that compliment into a backhanded one with a tweet that read , " it is , however , important to clear up the difference between 'space ' and 'orbit . ' " his point : that even though spacex 's rockets have yet to nail an upright landing after leaving earth 's atmosphere , at least his rockets leave the atmosphere—a task requiring 10 times more speed and 100 times the energy of suborbital rockets , per cnn . but bezos says he does n't even consider musk 's company , or richard branson 's virgin galactic , to be competitors . " i think of our competition primarily as earth 's gravity , " he says . " space is a big place . there 's room for all of us . " ( the last virgin galactic launch did n't go well . )
