in a move that analysts say could be a devastating blow to obamacare , president trump is ending one of the health care bill 's crucial subsidies . white house press secretary sarah huckabee sanders confirmed thursday night that the federal government will stop " cost-sharing reduction " payments to health insurers , which help millions of people afford insurance they get through obamacare 's exchanges , politico reports . sanders called the payments a " bailout of insurance companies " and " another example of how the previous administration abused taxpayer dollars and skirted the law to prop up a broken system . " related coverage : the impact : the washington post likens the decision to " throwing a bomb into the marketplaces " created by obamacare . insurers have said this is the strongest step trump could take to undermine the law , because rising costs would force them to bail without the promise of getting reimbursed . the alternative could be to remain , but to raise premiums to levels most could n't afford . the new york times also calls the subsidies " essential " to the affordable care act . trump 's possible offer : " the democrats obamacare is imploding , " the president tweeted friday morning . " massive subsidy payments to their pet insurance companies has stopped . dems should call me to fix ! " the last part might be the most telling . the wall street journal reports that trump has told at least one lawmaker that he 's open to preserving the payments if a bipartisan deal is struck on health care . all eyes on this : trump is referring to a deal being negotiated by gop sen. lamar alexander and democratic sen. patty murray . under the broad strokes , the subsidies would be continued , a win for democrats , but states would get more flexibility to avoid obamacare rules , a win for republicans , per the journal . big deadline : open enrollment for the obamacare exchanges begins in less than three weeks , raising pressure for a quick resolution . background : a federal court declared the subsidies illegal last year , though the decision is being appealed . the subsidies add up to around $ 7 billion this year , a figure expected to steadily rise in coming years . the attorneys general of california and new york vowed thursday night that they would challenge the latest move in court , while nancy pelosi and chuck schumer called it " a spiteful act of vast , pointless sabotage leveled at working families and the middle class in every corner of america . " second move : earlier thursday , trump signed an executive order that 's expected to undermine obamacare in a different way .
