president trump spoke to 6,000 supporters in cedar rapids , iowa , wednesday night at a gathering that strongly resembled one of his raucous campaign rallies—right down to whistle-blowing protesters and chants of " lock her up " when hillary clinton 's name was mentioned . in what is being widely described as a " victory lap , " trump , making his first trip west of the mississippi since becoming president , spoke for more than an hour and unveiled policy proposals including a plan to ban immigrants from receiving welfare for their first five years in the us . a roundup of coverage : trump said he will ask congress to pass a law ensuring new immigrants " support themselves financially and should not use welfare for a period of at least five years . " the rule already exists as part of the personal responsibility and work opportunity reconciliation act of 1996 , though large parts of the act were rolled back under george w. bush and barack obama , fox reports . trump plans to expand the list of benefits that new immigrants will not be eligible for . in one of his most controversial remarks , trump defended his choice of billionaire investor wilbur ross as commerce secretary , explaining that he does n't want poor people to hold economic roles in his administration , the guardian reports . " i love all people , rich or poor , but in those particular positions i just don ’ t want a poor person , " he said . the ap reports that trump made no mention of the assorted scandals he is dealing with in washington , apart from a brief reference to the " witch hunt " russia probe . " all we do is win , win , win , " trump said , boasting of the gop 's 5-0 winning streak in special elections and slamming " unbelievably nasty " democrats and the media . " the truth is , people love us ... they have n't figured it out yet , " he said , per the hill . trump said he has come up with a plan to put solar panels on his proposed border wall , but dismissed wind energy , the new york times reports . " i do n't want to just hope the wind blows to light up your house and your factory as the birds fall to the ground , " he said . the president said he has been calling for a healthcare plan " with heart , " but complained that he would get no help from democrats in getting it through congress , reports reuters . " if we went and got the single greatest healthcare plan in the history of the world we would not get one democrat vote because they ’ re obstructionists , " he said .
