the new york times sheds a little more light on what went on behind the scenes of caitlyn jenner 's super-secretive vanity fair cover shoot , via the paper 's conversation with jessica diehl . diehl , vf 's fashion and style director , says she found her job " completely petrifying , " partially because in depicting jenner , diehl wanted to nail " how she sees herself , " she explains . and then there was the secrecy : only about 10 people at the magazine knew jenner was being photographed ; diehl told the rest of the team barbra streisand was the subject of the shoot . and , because of the need for secrecy , diehl had to buy rather than borrow some of the clothing for jenner to wear—a challenge for a 6-foot-2-inch cover model . one dress was sourced traditionally from zac posen , and the designer did n't realize he was going to be part of such a " historic moment , " as he later called it , until he saw the magazine monday morning . more news : in case you were wondering why caitlyn did n't go with kaitlyn , in a nod to ex-wife kris , stepdaughters kim , khloe , and kourtney kardashian , and daughters kylie and kendall , well , she 's not saying . but , as the ap reports , caitlyn does acknowledge in the full vf interview that she at least considered the " k " spelling before deciding to break the tradition . jenner 's mom is having a hard time adjusting to all the changes : caitlyn is " beautiful " and " so much more at ease , " esther jenner tells access hollywood , but " i still have to call him bruce . his father and i named him that . it 's going to be a struggle for me to get used to the change , but happily so … i 'm very happy for him—or her ! " caitlyn seems to have overshadowed kim kardashian 's pregnancy news , but a source tells the new york daily news that kim and kanye are expecting not one but two babies . " kim has told a handful of people that she had in vitro and that two eggs were fertilized . she is waiting to see if they both 'stick ' before she makes any kind of announcement , " the source says , adding that kim also does n't want to take away from caitlyn 's moment . another source tells e ! the due date is december . click to watch a promo for caitlyn jenner 's upcoming reality show .
