hillary clinton 's campaign chairman says fbi director james comey should explain the " unprecedented " step of announcing an agency review of new clinton-related emails just days before a national election , reports the ap . john podesta told cnn 's state of the union that comey should have reviewed the information more thoroughly before making the decision public . now , podesta says , comey should explain why " he took this unprecedented step , particularly when he said himself in the letter to the hill that these ( emails ) may not even be significant . " the candidate herself kept up the attack on comey , notes cnn , telling a crowd on saturday that " it 's pretty strange to put something like that out with such little information right before an election . in fact , it 's not just strange , it 's unprecedented and it 's deeply troubling because voters deserve to get full and complete facts . " elsewhere : donald trump 's campaign manager kellyanne conway says comey was between a rock and a hard place , and could have been accused of meddling with the election if he had n't made the disclosure . meanwhile , team trump is walking back its previous criticism of the fbi 's handling of the investigation into clinton 's email . tim kaine says comey needs to tell the public if he has n't yet reviewed any of the emails considered " pertinent " to the investigation , and says that as far as the campaign knows , comey " knows nothing about the content of these emails . " he calls it a " distraction " but says the clinton campaign will " power forward " during the last 10 days . mike pence says the scandal shows that clinton is " just a risky choice in this election . " he adds that trump has " made it clear we 'll have the resources we need , " and praises his " incredible generosity . " clinton 's close relationship with top aide huma abedin is being put to the test , reports the new york times . the ap notes that team clinton is thus far standing by abedin , with campaign manager robby mook saying he 's " absolutely " confident that abedin fully complied with the fbi .
