over the next two days , washington will be a study in contrasts . today , president obama and two key advisers will push for a diplomatic means of avoiding a nuclear iran ; tomorrow , in a controversial speech to congress , israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu will push back against the plan , the new york times reports . to set the scene : netanyahu left tel aviv yesterday for what he called " a fateful , even historic , mission " for which he is " an emissary of all israel 's citizens , even those who do not agree with me , and of the entire jewish people , " reuters reports . his speech will likely call for boosted sanctions against iran , but obama has suggested he would veto any bill giving congress a chance to legislate on the matter . this weekend , netanyahu offered conciliatory words , saying he " respected " obama and that " strength will prevail over differences of opinion . " obama will meet reuters for an interview this afternoon , while national security adviser susan rice and un ambassador samantha power speak to the american israel public affairs committee , a group netanyahu will also address , the times reports . the paper sees the meetings as a chance for the administration to reaffirm its support for israel . indeed , john kerry yesterday noted on abc 's this week that netanyahu " is welcome to speak in the united states , obviously . and we have a closer relationship with israel right now in terms of security than at any time in history , " reuters reports . kerry tomorrow will join international officials in switzerland as they look to outline an iranian deal by the month 's end , the washington post reports . kerry has been working closely—too closely , according to some iranian lawmakers—with iran 's foreign minister to hammer out a deal , the times reports . " he has made a huge investment of his time and energy in the talks , and his personal , hands-on involvement in recent months has been crucial to building momentum toward a deal , " says an analyst . but some worry that iran could read kerry 's " eagerness " as an opening to seek more concessions . meanwhile , the un 's nuclear agency says iran is coming up short on providing essential information , reuters reports . " the ( iaea ) is not in a position to provide credible assurance about the absence of undeclared nuclear material and activities in iran , and therefore to conclude that all nuclear material in iran is in peaceful activities , " the agency 's chief says .
