the most recent planet of the apes trilogy started with a bang . it 's going out the same way . critics are raving about war for the planet of the apes , directed and co-written by matt reeves ; it currently has an impressive 94 % rating on rotten tomatoes . here 's what they 're saying : it 's a " consistently intelligent , morally thoughtful and often beautiful picture " with a " coherent and credible " story that 's just as impressive as the action , writes charles taylor at newsweek . he adds the " special effects are used to support the story rather than supplant it . " one downside : each scene featuring woody harrelson 's colonel " feels strained , not least because this usually terrific actor has been saddled with one of the film 's few caricatures . " but brian lowry says harrelson " is at his wild-eyed best " in what he calls " the summer 's best sequel , " and " a stirring , soulful conclusion to a trilogy that has brilliantly evolved from its original source . " this is " one of those rare instances of a movie billed as a 'climactic chapter ' that actually possesses the feeling and majesty of one , " he writes at cnn , also commending andy serkis ' intense portrayal of the ape caesar . serkis is not only " brilliant " but his appearance is " so lifelike that you forget you 're looking at a visual-effects triumph , " writes chris klimek at npr . the film itself , wrapping up a " shockingly good series of prequels , " is " suspenseful , mournful , grand , " with " gravitas and commitment " that give it " a place of pride in our current apocalyptic renaissance , " klimek adds . sara stewart feels " the imagery and the nonstop horror are a little too heavy-handed . " but the flick still shines with " an epic and heartbreaking second half that broadly references the holocaust , internment camps , refugees and even the bible , " she writes at the new york post . " apologies to charlton heston loyalists , but war for the planet of the apes is a good example of how today 's movies sometimes beat the hell out of the oldies , " she adds . " it seems wrong to even group them in the same franchise . "
