he did n't use the word " conflate , " but sanjay gupta used many other words to try and clarify why a report he filed from nepal after the april earthquake there was apparently filled with inaccuracies , the guardian reports . the global press institute , a journalist-training nonprofit , reports not only that gupta did n't save the life of an 8-year-old girl he claimed to have operated on—it says he actually helped with a surgery on a 14-year-old—but that after gupta 's segment aired , cnn took down a story that accurately reported on the 14-year-old 's injuries and put in its place a story that swapped in the 8-year-old 's name to match gupta 's report . gupta tried to clear things up yesterday on cnn , admitting he may have mixed details up during the chaos . " there were many children , many people in the hospital , " he said , per the guardian . " when you report on these kinds of situations , you take lots of different bits of information and you consolidate it and in the end you tell the story . " the neurosurgeon who performed the surgery on the older girl also tells the paper that gupta was n't asked to help , as gupta claims , but that he harangued staff until they conceded ; the surgeon also says he never gave permission for gupta 's team to film the operation . his statements underscore what some ethics experts are saying is a conflict of interest : being a physician and a journalist and filming your interventions . meanwhile , the director of the gpi is n't buying gupta 's " things were so crazy " excuse . " a pretty grave mistake was made , " she tells the guardian . " the excuse that things were chaotic should n't hold up for any journalist , especially when that journalist is also performing a medical operation . " cnn notes it 's investigating , adding , " journalism is not brain surgery . but brain surgery is brain surgery . … sanjay spent a week in nepal , helped save a young life in the operating room , and we could n't be prouder of him . he has our full and unequivocal support . " ( read the global press institute 's entire damning report . )
