france 's foreign minister is optimistic about the campaign it started in mali friday , saying it will be over within " weeks . " he rejected a comparison to the afghanistan war , adding , " we have no intention of staying forever , " the bbc reports . the country 's defense minister was also positive , saying the mission is " developing favorably , " even as islamist fighters today seized diabaly , a government-controlled territory 250 miles from the capital of bamako . a malian intelligence agent tells the ap that french pilots launched a raid near diabaly this morning , which marks an expansion of the conflict—until now , raids were occurring in the distant north . the defense minister says islamists are retreating in the east , but still causing france difficulty in the west . aides to french president francois hollande say they are better trained and better armed than had been expected . more from the conflict : mali rebels have sworn to take revenge ; one leader for al-qaeda offshoot mujao tells afp , " france has attacked islam . we will strike at the heart of france . " french authorities are on high alert for retaliatory attacks on home soil . the european union will send military trainers to the malian army late next month or early in march , reuters reports , but the eu does not plan for those trainers to have any combat role in the country . and nato says france has not asked it for any help , reuters adds . a spokesperson says the organization is " concerned " about the situation in mali and welcomes france 's efforts , but " there has been no request , no discussion [ within nato ] on the situation in mali , the alliance as such is not involved in this crisis . " hollande is holding a cabinet meeting to discuss the crisis today , and the un security council will also meet today at france 's request . the new york times takes an extensive look at the crisis and its background , noting that the us for years attempted to stop the islamic militants from gaining a foothold in the region . but last year , many of the commanders trained by america defected . " it was a disaster , " says a senior malian officer . it was also an american-trained officer who led the coup that eventually overthrew mali ’ s elected government . meanwhile , a west african intervention force is putting together the promised troops who will be sent to mali though it 's not clear when they will arrive .
