playing " taps " on a well-worn bugle , the emotional recitation of " a soldier 's creed , " and calling each other racial slurs one day per week : all time-honored customs in the us army ? that last practice is , at least in one platoon , according to a black staff sergeant who tells the army times that he 's filed an equal-opportunity complaint against his platoon leader at alaska 's fort wainwright for " [ encouraging ] 'racial thursdays ' as a way to build morale and camaraderie , " the times notes . the soldier from the 2nd platoon , c company , 3rd battalion , 21st infantry regiment tells the newspaper that although epithets were never hurled his way , he was told upon arrival that the special day was a " tradition " in which soldiers " can say any racist remark you want without any consequences . " " it 's degrading to the soldiers , " the staff sergeant says . " we 've had soldiers almost fight over the crap that 's going on here . " a junior enlisted soldier anonymously backs up the nco 's claim , telling the times that " you did n't have to participate , but they 'd remind you . " he recalls a latino soldier being called a " wetback " and " border jumper " before almost getting into a scuffle when the others would n't stop . the alaska unit is the same one in which 19-year-old pvt . danny chen served before killing himself in 2011 after being deployed . chen , who was chinese-american , reportedly had rocks thrown at him and was called names like " dragon lady " and " egg roll " in the weeks before his death in afghanistan , the los angeles times reported in 2012 . a spokesman for the alaska unit tells the army times an investigation into the recent claims is underway and that " there is absolutely no connection between this current investigation and the case of pvt . danny chen . treating all soldiers with dignity and respect is something this command takes extremely seriously . " ( prince harry once got into hot water with the uk military for using a racial slur . )
