hillary clinton has joined donald trump in selecting a white man from a swing state who describes himself as " boring " for a running mate—and liberal democrats , especially bernie sanders supporters , are n't exactly fired up about sen. tim kaine . clinton , however , describes the former virginia governor as " a lifelong fighter for progressive causes , " and both wall street donors and labor groups are happy with the choice . republicans , meanwhile including rnc chief reince priebus , were quick to highlight the party divisions . a round-up of reactions : the progressive change campaign committee is among the groups not happy about kaine 's past support for the big trade deals criticized by donald trump . " the mood of the country is a populist one , " group co-founder stephanie taylor said in a statement to politico . " unfortunately , since tim kaine voted to fast track the trans-pacific partnership , republicans now have a new opening to attack democrats on this economic populist issue . " union chiefs expressed their support for kaine , including service employees international union chief mary kay henry , who called him " an experienced leader with a proven track record on issues from raising wages to immigration reform and racial justice , " the washington post reports . the trump campaign wasted no time coming up with a nickname for kaine : it is calling him " corrupt kaine , " based on gifts he received as governor , the new york times reports . " it 's only fitting that hillary clinton would select an ethically challenged insider like tim kaine who ’ s personally benefited from the rigged system , " a trump spokesman says . wall street lobbyists are satisfied with the choice , especially since the other candidates being vetted included elizabeth warren . " he 's a sign of hillary being hippocratic in her pick—he does no harm , " a top lobbyist tells politico . " time will tell if progressives show real angst or if it ’ s just fringe groups . " the national organization of women supports kaine : " the combination of hillary clinton and tim kaine stands in sharp contrast to the turn-back-the-clock , step up the war on women platform of donald trump and mike pence , " now president terry o'neill said in a statement . " women know this is the most important election in a generation , and we also know that we have a steadfast advocate in tim kaine . " norman solomon , who says his " bernie delegates network " represents hundreds of sanders delegates , calls kaine " a loyal servant of oligarchy . " " if clinton has reached out to bernie supporters , it appears that she has done so to stick triangulating thumbs in their eyes , " he tells the washington post . the ap spoke to convention delegates and found that clinton supporters consider kaine a " solid " choice who will appeal to a range of voters , while sanders supporters are deeply unhappy with the choice . it " was a horrible pick , " says angie morelli , a sanders delegate from nevada . " in a time when she is trying to cater to sanders supporters , it was more catering to conservative voters and she 's not going to get any wave from it . " usa today lists some facts about kaine , who is fluent in spanish and is one of just 20 people to have been a mayor , a governor and a us senator .
