facts and numbers were flying in last night 's debate , and president obama and mitt romney agreed on so few of them that " the two men seemed to be inhabiting two parallel universes , " politico observes . thankfully , a swarm of fact-checkers have been poring over the candidates ' statements to sort things out . here are some of the more egregious fibs : romney : " i wo n't put in place a tax cut that adds to the deficit . " independent analysis indicates that romney 's tax plan would add $ 5 trillion to the deficit over 10 years . romney says he 'll pay for that by reducing deductions and credits , but the tax policy center concluded that was " mathematically impossible . " obama : " we 've made some adjustments " to simpson-bowles . obama 's plan is not , as he implied , comparable to simpson-bowles . it 's much less aggressive , does n't touch social security , and , while it too reduces the deficit by $ 4 trillion , it takes an extra year to do it . romney on green energy loan recipients : " i think about half have gone out of business . " try three out of 26 . romney : dodd-frank " designates a number of banks as too big to fail . " the law designates some banks for special treatment , but that treatment involves extra regulation and a way to liquidate them if they run into trouble ; they are not , as romney argued " effectively guaranteed by the federal government . " romney : " pre-existing conditions are covered under my plan . " romney 's health care plan only covers people with pre-existing conditions if they " maintain continuous coverage , " which was more or less the situation before obamacare . obama : " under governor romney 's definition … donald trump is a small business . " romney 's plan does n't actually define small businesses . but the federal government does , and under its guidelines , trump is a small business , because he owns some businesses with fewer than 500 employees , according to cnn . obama : " i 've put forward a specific $ 4 trillion deficit reduction plan . " true , but that plan counts savings already agreed on during the debt ceiling debate . romney : " the president said he 'd cut the deficit in half . unfortunately , he doubled it . " when obama took office , the projected deficit for 2009 was $ 1.2 trillion . for fiscal 2012 , the deficit is expected to be $ 1.1 trillion , the new york times reports .
