with an eye toward 'roid rage , police had oscar pistorius ' blood tested for steroids , and a " source close to the investigation " tells the sun that police did find performance enhancers in their search of his house . " steroid drugs were found at pistorius ’ home together with evidence of heavy drinking . that ’ s why police have specifically ordered that he be tested for steroids , " says the source . what might have gotten him so angry ? the sun reports that reeva steenkamp 's phone records indicate she may have gotten a text from rugby star francois hougaard that night . sources say pistorius was unhappy with steenkamp 's friendship with hougaard . pistorius ' running days are over for now even if he is granted bail . " i have decided that following these tragic events that we have no option but to cancel all future races that oscar pistorius had been contracted to compete in , " his agent said after a visit to his client , who is being held in a police station , the ap reports . the olympic and paralympic star still has " overwhelming support " from his fans , says his agent , whose company has confirmed that big sponsors including nike are sticking by pistorius and " are happy to let the legal process takes its course before making any change in their position . " he declined to discuss pistorius ' emotional state , reuters reports . pistorius ' best friend—who introduced him to steenkamp—says the runner called him minutes after the shooting , before contacting emergency services , the mirror reports . pistorius said , " my baba , i ’ ve killed my baba . god take me away , " says justin davaris . asked to explain , pistorius said , " there has been a terrible accident , i shot reeva , " davaris says . amid reports that a bloodied cricket bat is now a key part of the case , the runner 's family say they have " zero doubt " that pistorius shot his girlfriend by accident after mistaking her for an intruder . " when you are a sportsman , you act even more on instinct , " his father tells the telegraph . " it 's instinct—things happen and that 's what you do . "
