mitt romney has long been vocal about his distaste for the confederate flag flying on south carolina capitol grounds , saying in a 2007 presidential debate , " that 's not a flag i recognize . that flag , frankly , is divisive , and it should n't be shown . " he refueled that fire saturday when he tweeted in response to the charleston church shootings , writing , " take down the # confederateflag at the sc capitol . to many , it is a symbol of racial hatred . remove it now to honor # charleston victims . " other republican potus contenders are now offering their own take , per the ap and the washington post . : south carolina 's own sen. lindsey graham insists the flag " is a part of who we are " and that we should n't be blaming what happened in charleston on it : " we 're not going to give this a guy an excuse … . it 's him … not the flag . " former florida gov . jeb bush says via a statement , " in florida we acted , moving the flag from the state grounds to a museum where it belonged , " but " following a period of mourning there will rightly be a discussion among leaders in the state about how south carolina should move forward , and i 'm confident they will do the right thing . " one person who wants to table the discussion : wisconsin gov . scott walker , who says , " i fully expect the leaders of south carolina to debate this , but the conversation should wait until after the families have had a chance to bury and mourn their loved ones . " texas sen. ted cruz is trying to see both sides , saying he understands " those who see a history of racial oppression and a history of slavery " embedded in the flag , but that he also gets " those who want to remember the sacrifices of their ancestors and the traditions of their states , not the racial oppression . " sen. marco rubio , businesswoman carly fiorina , and expected presidential candidate ohio gov . john kasich are taking a non-interventionist approach ( though fiorina and kasich say they agree personally with taking the flag down ) , stating it 's up to the people of south carolina to decide what to do—not " outsiders , " as rubio puts it . still silent on the matter : louisiana gov . bobby jindal , ex-arkansas gov . mike huckabee , sen. rand paul , and the latest gop contender , a surprisingly quiet donald trump .
