san bernardino shooter syed rizwan farook may have been planning mass murder even before he married accomplice tashfeen malik , according to sources close to the investigation . officials tell cnn that farook plotted to carry out an attack with somebody else in california in 2012 , though it 's not clear how far the preparations went . the plan was called off after a round of terror-related arrests in the area " spooked " farook and his accomplice , one source says . law enforcement officials tell nbc news that farook and malik appeared to have planned the san bernardino attack for at least a year , training at local gun ranges and making financial arrangements for their 6-month-old daughter and farook 's mother . the fbi is still investigating a loan of $ 28,500 deposited into farook 's account two weeks before the attack , a loan that an investigator tells nbc " would be consistent with them making preparations for grandma and the kid . " in other developments : the los angeles times reports that former minneapolis resident mohamed abdullahi hassan , an alleged isis recruiter who targeted westerners on social media , has surrendered to authorities in somalia . investigators suspect he may have influenced farook . the san bernardino department of public health , which employed farook and most of the 14 people killed in the attack , trained employees last year for an active-shooter drill in the same room at the inland regional center that farook and malik attacked , the ap reports . " everyone was trying to be quiet and not draw attention to themselves as they were trained to do , to try to find as much protection as you can , " an assistant director of the department says . " unfortunately , the room just did n't provide a whole lot of protection . " law enforcement sources tell the times that a device farook and malik left behind at the scene of the attack may have been designed to kill first responders . the sources say the crude device , which included three pipe bombs , was disabled by water from the building 's sprinkler system . see a photo of the holiday party taken just before the shooting here .
