during a white house meeting on oct. 2 , a day into the shutdown , john boehner slipped out for a smoke . barack obama followed him , demanding a private explanation for the shutdown . " john , what happened ? " he asked . " i got overrun , that 's what happened , " boehner replied . that anecdote kicks off politico 's behind-the-scenes look at the crisis . the wall street journal has one too—with different bits of insider gossip . here are the most interesting tidbits from both : obama and harry reid decided on their no-negotiation strategy over the summer , believing that boehner could never unite his fractured caucus behind anything . republicans never believed the pair would stick to it . boehner and reid initially struck a deal in which boehner would pass a sequester-level budget with an obamacare-defunding rider that the senate could simply strip out . boehner assumed—incorrectly—that his caucus only wanted a show vote . boehner 's former chief of staff was feeding the white house intelligence , telling it that boehner would have to fight up until the debt ceiling deadline . reid also took to monitoring twitter for hints on the gop 's next move—a sign of how badly communication was flowing . many republicans turned to joe biden , hoping he would intervene . biden told them he 'd been " sidelined … at the direction of the president , " one rep says . reid , bitter about the fiscal cliff deal biden negotiated , had wanted him out . at one point , boehner brought up the idea of a " grand bargain " at a white house meeting ; reid laughed in his face . when paul ryan joined the fray at an oct. 10 meeting , he told obama that he would " miss his moment " and derail his whole term if he did n't strike a deal . but he also made what white house aides called a " freudian slip , " saying , " we ’ re going to have six weeks to negotiate the debt limit . " that night , aides to boehner , cantor , and obama began talking about a broader budget deal , and agreed to talk more in the morning . the white house never called . when mitch mcconnell finally decided he had to broker the deal , he partnered with lamar alexander—angering susan collins , who had worked far harder on the process , only to see her own deal torpedoed . mcconnell picked alexander because he had better conservative credentials , and was pals with reid confidante chuck schumer . alexander and schumer brokered the deal behind the scenes , then passed it off to reid and mcconnell . mcconnell tells the washington post that he saw himself as a backup quarterback thrown into the game . " i felt like i was on the two-yard line , i had a pretty weak offensive line , and the best i could hope for was to try to punt . " boehner made one last-ditch attempt to pass an alternative . " we 're running out of time , " he told his caucus . " your 'no ' vote has consequences . " but as reid and obama had predicted , he could n't convince them . with the ball back in mcconnell and reid 's court , mcconnell made a few last-minute demands . reid rejected them . it took all of 15 minutes for mcconnell to call back and accept reid 's terms .
