two and a half years after the execution-style slayings of eight members of the rhoden family in ohio , another family has been arrested . four members of the wagner family were arrested tuesday , and authorities say a custody dispute played a role in the murders , the ap reports . edward " jake " wagner , now 26 , was the ex-boyfriend of hanna rhoden , 19 , who was killed while lying in bed with her 4-day-old baby girl . wagner was not the newborn 's father , but shared custody of another daughter , sophia , now 5 , with rhoden . sophia was not with her mother when she was murdered ; the newborn as well as two of her young cousins who were present were not hurt . ( this chart shows how all the victims were related . ) also arrested , per cincinnati.com : wagner 's parents george " billy " wagner iii , 47 , and angela wagner , 48 , and his brother george wagner iv , 27 . all four have been charged with eight counts of aggravated murder and also face a slew of other charges . the mothers of both elder wagners were also arrested and accused of forging custody documents in an alleged cover-up of the crimes . citing a " fixation " and " obsession " the wagner family allegedly had with the custody situation , ohio attorney general mike dewine said tuesday the situation is " the most bizarre story i 've ever seen . it 's just amazing . " authorities say the wagners knew the rhodens well and spent months studying their routines and the layouts of their homes . but the wagners have long denied involvement and insisted they were close friends with the rhodens ; they moved to alaska after the killings due , they said , to intense speculation over their possible involvement in the case . " sophia is getting older , " jake wagner ( who also set up a gofundme for custody-related legal bills in the wake of the massacre ) said at the time , so they moved " so she wouldn ’ t hear it . " they were arrested , however , in ohio and kentucky . ( see all our previous coverage of the massacre . )
