in november 2015 , police found 47-year-old victor collins dead in a hot tub on the back patio of 31-year-old james bates ' arkansas home . more than a year later , bates is charged with collins ' murder , and bentonville police think the data from his amazon echo could help them solve the case . the device listens for voice commands but is often triggered into " listen " mode by accident and could , thus , have " overheard " something useful , engadget reports . authorities have issued a warrant asking amazon.com to turn over audio and other records from the device in what the information says " may be the first case of its kind . " bates says he had collins and two other friends over to watch a football game and drink on the evening of nov. 21 , 2015 , 5 news reported in february , when bates was arrested . bates says one friend left , but collins and the other friend got in the hot tub and kept drinking . he says he left them there when he went to bed , and found collins floating face down in the hot tub the next morning . ( the other friend is not a suspect . ) authorities found the hot tub water tinted red and collins with a black eye , swollen and bruised lips , a cut on his eyelid , and blood coming from his nose and mouth ; it was ultimately ruled that collins died by strangulation , with drowning as a contributing cause . detectives learned that 140 gallons of water were used between 1am and 3am on the morning collins died , and a hose was used . they believe the patio was sprayed down in an attempt to wash away evidence ; they found hot tub knobs and head cushions lying on the ground and collins ' blood spattered on the hot tub cover , one of the cushions , and the sides of the tub . bates was found to have bruises and scratches all over his body , and police found collins ' wedding ring and a broken shot glass at the bottom of the tub , as well as a broken pair of collins ' glasses . so far , amazon has only turned over bates ' account details and purchases , but police say they have been able to get data that was picked up by the echo 's speaker , the daily beast reports . bates ' attorney argues that the request for data from amazon is an invasion of privacy , and an example of law enforcement using " technology that advances our quality of life against us . "
