tom hanks took some time off from being awesome to star as an american attorney who must negotiate a prisoner swap in soviet russia in steven spielberg 's bridge of spies . critics and audiences are equally in love , giving the flick a 92 % and 90 % approval rating , respectively , on rotten tomatoes . some highlights : " spielberg ca n't help but make the kind of inspiring , classically constructed drama that we keep being told hollywood does n't produce anymore . thank goodness he still does , " writes ann hornaday writes at the washington post . british actor mark rylance gives " what , with luck , will be a career-making performance " as accused soviet spy rudolf abel , she adds . he 's " an example of screen acting at its most subtle , poignant and exquisitely calibrated . " " bridge of spies is n't conventionally exciting , and is n't intended to be . instead , it 's satisfying—thoroughly and pleasurably so , " writes joe morgenstern at the wall street journal . it ’ s " a fascinating piece of fiction based on fact , a cold war parable of moral principles colliding with the imperatives of national security , " he adds . hanks portrays james donovan " with stirring conviction leavened by enjoyable zest , " morgenstern writes , while " rylance 's performance is a minimalist wonder . " essentially , the movie " is a moral drama driven by an insurance lawyer . that it works at all is a miracle—or would be , if anyone other than st. steven were involved , " writes ty burr at the boston globe . " compact and to the point it 's not , " but it is " plush , professional , tonally wobbly , and very watchable , " he says . he agrees rylance can " make the doing of nothing seem perfectly , completely riveting , " but adds hanks is " fine company . " lindsey bahr describes the film as " a slow burn . " the filmmakers " toss details at you , shake them all around and piece them back together in the third act ... only then can you begin to fully appreciate just how lean and purposeful every moment is , " she writes at ap . " spielberg continues to defy our skeptical movie expectations , " she adds . this film " echoes in your mind long after the credits roll and begs for a second viewing . "
