the supreme court made a surprise decision this morning by refusing to hear appeals from five states trying to ban same-sex marriage , kick-starting a flurry of " what does this mean ? " and " what happens next ? " speculation . some reaction : under the headline " the supreme court just quietly made marriage equality the law of the land in many states , " ian millhiser writes at thinkprogress that the " anti-climax " of a decision is , nevertheless , " an earthquake for gay rights " practically speaking . though millhiser notes there may be a waiting period and logistical obstacles for same-sex couples , he writes that looming marriages " will make it very difficult for the supreme court to reverse course—and retroactively invalidate those marriages—in a subsequent opinion . " over at slate , mark joseph stern calls the court 's move " unexpected and somewhat bizarre , " citing his own slate piece last week in which he noted justice ruth bader ginsburg 's recent comments that there was " no need for [ the supreme court ] to rush " until circuit courts found same-sex marriage bans to be constitutional . he brings up one other interesting point : " if no circuit court ever rules against gay marriage , the gay marriage question will be effectively settled , and the supreme court will never have to wade in again . " agreeing that " almost no one expected that to happen , " lyle denniston writes at scotusblog that the decision was so surprising because : the supreme court had actually been asked to review all seven state cases ( " a rare thing … that almost never fails to assure review " ) ; that the court appeared to have given recent indications it was ready " to confront the basic issue " ; and that today 's decision does n't exactly sync up with last year 's ruling in united states v. windsor , which struck a major blow to the defense of marriage act , as per the ap . jonathan h. adler at the washington post , however , was n't terribly surprised , mainly because all petitions before the supreme court had already been nixed by lower circuit courts . instead , adler wants to know—especially since the decision came with zero comment from the judges— " is what justice anthony kennedy thinks . … is he ready and willing to hold that the constitution guarantees a right to same-sex marriage ? or is he still conflicted given his federalist sympathies ? "
