if you thought being an international superstar was about as crazy as your life could get , think again . cracked and the stir round up 15 celebrities with even crazier ( and some of them very painful ) backgrounds : woody harrelson 's dad , who walked out on the family in 1968 , was a contract killer who probably got away with killing at least two people before going to prison . then , when he got out early , he was hired to murder a judge , and he went back to prison . woody tried to get him a retrial , but he died in 2007 . kelsey grammer first lost his mom and grandpa , whom he lived with . two years later , his dad was shot to death on his front lawn by a crazed taxi driver . then his younger sister was murdered by a gang of robbers in a red lobster parking lot . then his two half-brothers died in scuba diving accidents . as if that 's not all bad enough , a good friend was killed on 9/11 , another good friend was murdered by his own wife , and one of his former wives tried to kill herself and ended up killing their unborn child . olivia newton-john 's parents fled germany when the nazis took over , and her dad ended up getting a job interrogating captured nazi pilots—not over torture , but over dinner and drinks . one of his interrogations led to the capture of deputy fuhrer rudolf hess . he later joined mi5 's code-breakers and decoded german messages , including secret battle plans that helped the allies win world war ii . charlize theron 's father was verbally abusive , and while the actress was growing up in south africa , he once came home drunk and started shooting at charlize and her mother . theron 's mom managed to get the gun , and ended up killing her husband . jack nicholson was born out of wedlock to a 19-year-old aspiring actress , so her parents raised him as their own and he grew up believing his mom was his sister . leighton meester 's parents and her aunt went to prison when the actress was just a baby , after getting busted smuggling 1,200 pounds of marijuana from jamaica . her aunt ended up escaping prison and got on the us marshals ' 15 most wanted list . tobey maguire 's dad robbed a bank across the street from his house—in broad daylight , without a mask . he was caught , not surprisingly , and went to prison for two years . cracked 's full list here ; the stir 's here .
