call me by your name takes viewers to northern italy in the summer of 1983 , where 17-year-old elio ( recent golden globe nominee timothee chalamet ) meets 24-year-old american graduate student oliver ( armie hammer ) and , well , things heat up . the film by luca guadagnino , adapted from the novel by andre aciman , has a 96 % rating from critics on rotten tomatoes . their thoughts : the film is a " generous , sensitive adaptation " of aciman 's novel , benefited by the " ridiculous chemistry " of hammer and 22-year-old chalamet , who gives a " beautiful , complex performance . " these are just a few of the “ million reasons why call me by your name is far and away the best movie of the year , " writes christy lemire at rogerebert.com , who also calls the film " a lush and vibrant masterpiece . " it 's " a powerfully erotic and affecting love story , albeit one so closely and intimately observed that the term 'slow burn ' seems almost inadequate , " writes justin chang at the los angeles times . " the undercurrents of lust , intrigue , jealousy and sexual anxiety flickering between elio and oliver are observed with a precision and playfulness that verge on the hitchcockian , " he adds , but it 's the film 's " compassion and wry wisdom … that catch you off-guard . " it 's " a spellbinding , almost ecstatically beautiful movie " that 's " almost sinfully enjoyable , " to boot , writes ann hornaday at the washington post . the " timeless " coming-of-age tale " acknowledges the purity and sculptural beauty of youth " but adds plenty of erotic tension . chalamet brings it all together with " a note-perfect combination of cocky self-assurance and wary naiveté , " hornaday writes . " chalamet delivers one of the year 's best performances " in a film simple in its subject matter , writes rafer guzman at newsday . " it 's about two people and their feelings " — " erotic yet never graphic , heartfelt yet highly stylized . " two scenes to watch out for : one featuring " an eyebrow-raising use of a peach , " and another in which elio 's father ( michael stuhlbarg ) " gives a lovely monologue with such purity of emotion that it 's almost breathtaking . "
