the fight for the alabama senate seat previously vacated by attorney general jeff sessions looks poised to go to a sept. 26 runoff election . but the path there officially kicks off tuesday with a special election primary in which three candidates will be weeded down to two . president trump and mitch mcconnell are backing former alabama attorney general luther strange , who was temporarily appointed to the seat after sessions left it . but it 's former alabama chief justice roy moore who 's the apparent front-runner , with strange and us rep. mo brooks trailing behind , reports politico . more : a candidate needs 50 % of the vote to take the seat , which most news outlets agree is unlikely to happen . moore leads in some polls at around 35 % support , with strange and brooks in a close race for second . should trump 's favorite be eliminated , it " will call into question the influence of trump 's support in a reliably republican state , " per politico . not that trump should be too disappointed with brooks or moore . both are " trumpian candidates , " reports axios . mcconnell has a huge interest in the race , though . he and his allies have invested millions in strange 's campaign . also key : brooks has said he wants mcconnell " fired . " not helping brooks , however , is a controversial campaign ad he aired that included audio from the shooting of steve scalise , reports nbc news . strange is likewise plagued by his appointment by former gov . robert bentley in what some suspect was " a corrupt bargain to end the state 's criminal investigation of bentley , " the new republic previously reported . reuters mentions the candidates ' stances on issues like gay marriage and illegal immigration . the winner of the runoff election is likely to face one of two democrats in december : either former us attorney doug jones , backed by joe biden , or robert kennedy jr. , a navy veteran with no relation to the famous kennedy family , per politico . either way , the republican winner will be sitting pretty . alabama has n't elected a democrat to the senate since 1992 , per the new york times . polls close at 8pm edt .
