will ferrell 's latest comedy about a wealthy white guy who enlists a law-abiding black man to help him prepare for life in prison is proving more controversial than his usual work . with accusations that get hard is homophobic and racist , ferrell defends the flick to the ap , noting he and costar kevin hart " show a mirror to what 's already existing out there . " do critics agree ? " perhaps there 's an edgy dark comedy to be made about race , class , and the prospect of facing prison , but get hard is not it , " claudia puig writes at usa today . the film 's " jokes are a cavalcade of racist and homophobic humorlessness . " and though its cracks at class divisions perform better , they are n't worth the price of a movie ticket . her advice : " unless you 're really hard up for entertainment , stay away from this tone-deaf raunchfest . " it " seeks to make you laugh while also risking offense by going too far . it succeeds on both counts , " writes peter howell more favorably at the toronto star . the film will undoubtedly offend a portion of the audience , but " i enjoyed it because , unlike similar films of its ilk , everybody is in on the joke , " he writes : white , black ; rich , poor ; etc . " it 's not great cinema , but it 's also not just a scattershot of dumbness and vulgarity . " and " ferrell and hart make a good team . " cary darling at dfw is less kind . " since anyone who has seen the trailer has already seen many of the film 's best moments , making it through to the end does feel like something of a life sentence , " she writes . excepting a scene in which hart portrays a black guy , a latino guy , and a gay black guy within a matter of minutes , the film just does n't bring the laughs . instead , it 's " weighed down by middle-school jokes . " at its best , get hard " does a smartly scathing job " of attacking privilege and entitlement , writes ann hornaday at the washington post . at its worst , it " veers perilously close to committing the very sins it aspires to criticize . " particularly , " the movie is drenched in gay panic " and includes " tiresome 'do n't drop the soap ' jokes , " based on ferrell 's character 's fears about being raped in prison . at least " ferrell and hart have a genial , easygoing chemistry , " hornaday writes .
