president trump does n't appear to be heeding calls to end his rhetoric in regard to north korea . in a pair of tweets , he boasted about america 's nuclear prowess . " my first order as president was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal , " he tweeted . " it is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before . " he then added , " hopefully we will never have to use this power , but there will never be a time that we are not the most powerful nation in the world ! " earlier , in response to north korea 's threat to strike guam , trump retweeted a fox news story about us air force jets taking off from andersen air force base in guam for a training mission , with a caption noting pilots could be ready to " fight tonight , " notes the wall street journal . related : ad-lib ? the new york times reports that trump 's " fire and fury " line from tuesday was improvised . the newspaper says the president did not run the language by advisers in advance , including chief of staff john kelly . a piece of paper trump had in front of him was reportedly a fact sheet on the opioid crisis . politico reporter josh dawsey 's sources tell him the words were not " carefully vetted , " adding , " do n't read too much into it . " mattis weighs in : secretary of state rex tillerson may have had a more calming tone on the subject wednesday , but defense chief james mattis followed up with some tough language . among other things , he warned in an afternoon statement that north korea should " cease any consideration of actions that would lead to the end of its regime and destruction of its people , " per cnn . american nukes : trump 's tweets on the us arsenal were apparently in reference to a review of nuclear weapons that was ordered on jan. 27 but is n't expected to be completed until year 's end , reports the washington post . such reviews are required by congress about every eight years . after the last one in 2010 , barack obama announced a $ 1 trillion plan to upgrade the nuclear arsenal over 30 years . given all that , fact-checkers are pushing back on trump 's boast that he beefed up the arsenal , and that 's putting it mildly . jfk comparison : “ these are the moments when we have to come together as a nation and support the executive , ” white house aide sebastian gorka said on fox news , per mediaite . “ whether you voted for him or not , whether they ’ re a democrat or whether they ’ re a republican , these are trying times . … during the cuban missile crisis we stood behind jfk . this is analogous to the cuban missile crisis. ” seeking ambassador : no ambassador to south korea is in place yet under the new administration , and buzzfeed reports that the absence of one is especially troubling now .
