after her 16-year-old son failed to make the varsity soccer team , a disappointed mother went a step or two further than most parents might . she filed a lawsuit in federal court , alleging that the teen is a victim of age and gender discrimination , fox 2 reports . the family says the rules at missouri 's ladue high school state that if a junior does n't make it onto the varsity team , he ca n't play again on the junior varsity team ; that way , students in lower grades can use the jv team to develop the skills they need to try out for varsity . the family wants the boy placed on the jv team , the st. louis post-dispatch reports . they first appealed the coach 's decision to district administrators and the superintendent , both of whom sided with the coach ; they then complained to the department of education 's office of civil rights , but ultimately sued because the office had no power to force the school to place the boy on a team . the boy reportedly wanted to take the case to federal court . the family 's lawsuit claims that the girls ' soccer team does allow juniors to play on jv , which is where the sex discrimination comes in . " there are many schools across the country that have this policy that you either make varsity as a junior or you 're out of the program , " says the boy 's stepfather , who is also one of the lawyers handling the case . " if someone said 'cut all the blacks , ' that would be illegal . and it 's illegal for age too . " he adds that per stats and rankings , the boy should have made varsity . but the coach testified in court that the only reason he said positive things about the boy 's skills was to build up his self-esteem rather than making him feel worse after he had already failed to make the team , and he also testified that the school does n't actually have a policy preventing juniors from playing on jv teams . he said it depends how many spots there are on the team and how many kids want to play . the judge is set to decide monday .
