president trump 's feud with republican sen. bob corker is apparently still on , based on the new nickname the president bestowed upon corker tuesday morning . " the failing @ nytimes set liddle ' bob corker up by recording his conversation , " trump tweeted . " was made to sound a fool , and that 's what i am dealing with ! " trump was referring to the interview corker gave to the new york times in which the senator likened the trump white house to a " reality show " and suggested that reckless comments from the president could lead to world war iii . developments : audio , transcript : the times released excerpts from the interview , as well as audio here . it 's not clear what trump meant in saying that the newspaper set up corker , but the transcript makes clear that corker knew he was on the record , notes cnn . he also knew the call was being recorded , telling the reporter that his staff was recording it , " and i hope you are , too . " gop trouble : at the national journal , political analyst charlie cook of the cook political report writes that trump went to a " darker place " in his corker criticism , and he now thinks the gop majority is in jeopardy not only in the senate but in the house . " the party needs to sublimate its divisions , get mainstream republicans to the polls , and persuade the trump base to cast ballot for non-trump republicans , " he writes . " that 's a tall order . and it 's why last week 's news reduced the odds of the gop retaining its majority from a good bet to even money . " ulterior motives ? pascal-emmanuel gobry of the week calls corker a hypocrite for his sudden public turn on the president and suggests that the retiring senator is positioning himself to be an " establishment " primary challenger to the president in the 2020 election . now what ? james fallows at the atlantic writes that if corker truly believes trump might blunder his way into world war iii , he has an obligation to " do something about it " by providing a crucial check on trump 's actions through his position as chair of the foreign relations committee . " talk is better than nothing , but action is what counts . " wsj weighs in : the conservative editorial page of the wall street journal thinks corker spoke the truth about the president 's " lack of discipline , short fuse , narcissism and habit of treating even foreign heads of state as if they are rosie o'donnell , " and it hopes other top republicans follow corker 's lead because it might actually help . little reaction : nbc news rounds up reaction from top republicans to corker 's statements about the president and finds " silence or a shrug . " a typical sentiment , from marco rubio : " you 'll have to ask sen. corker what led him to make that statement . i have n't made that statement . " trump 's new criticism comes just a week before a senate vote important to trump 's tax plan , notes the new york times .
