for your average big city mayor , admitting that you bought illegal drugs while in office would be the most damaging thing to happen in a day—but rob ford 's not your average mayor . soon after a press conference in which the crack-smoking , binge-drinking toronto mayor claimed his closet was empty of skeletons , a judge released evidence from witnesses—mainly ford staffers—who alleged he had abused drugs including cocaine and oxycontin , partied with prostitutes at city hall , racially abused a taxi driver , and attacked several staff members , reports the globe and mail , the toronto star , and the national post . among the partially redacted allegations included in a huge police dossier on ford 's activities : ford staffers worried about how their boss often drove drunk , sometimes in school zones . one staffer told police he was in the car with ford when the mayor downed a 12-ounce bottle of vodka in a few swigs , chasing it with gatorade . he says ford was frequently so drunk he was " rambling and incoherent " —and he and other junior staff members were often sent to buy alcohol . staff members told police that some women came to the mayor 's office saying ford had told them they could have a job after they smoked joints with him outside of bars . st. patrick 's day last year appears to have been a wild night even by rob ford standards , the police documents reveal . during celebrations , staffers say ford drank heavily from a bottle of vodka and was seen at city hall with a woman believed to be an escort . against staffers ' advice , ford—who talked about " going out then getting laid " —then took a taxi to a bar , calling the driver a " paki " and throwing a handful of business cards at him . he later moved on to a second bar , where a waiter says he saw ford and an unknown woman apparently snorting cocaine . after an intoxicated ford stormed the dance floor , he was asked to leave . he then returned to city hall , where he continued to drink , attacked two staffers , and made lewd remarks to a female security guard before staffers managed to get him into a taxi home , according to witness statements . upon arrival at the residence , a staffer who accompanied ford says the drunken mayor got in his own car and sped off . toronto 's city council has voted 37 to 5 to ask ford to step down , at least temporarily , but the increasingly isolated mayor is adamant about staying on . meanwhile , ford motor co. has told the mayor and his supporters to stop using its logo on t-shirts and other items , reports the detroit news , and organizers of this year 's santa claus parade have asked ford to stay away . click for a stroll through some of hizzoner 's lowlights .
