president obama unveiled sweeping actions on immigration reform last night , and while the civil unrest sen. tom coburn warned of has n't materialized , it 's safe to say congressional republicans are deeply unhappy . obama criticized republicans for failing to act and dared them to " pass a bill , " but the forceful actions gop congressional leaders have promised in response are not expected to include immigration reform . more : incoming senate majority leader mitch mcconnell promised a tough response when the gop majority takes office next year , but he did n't spell out any specific actions , politico reports . obama needs to understand that if he " acts in defiance of the people and imposes his will on the country , congress will act , " mcconnell says . " we 're considering a variety of options . but make no mistake . when the newly elected representatives of the people take their seats , they will act . " possible actions include a lawsuit against the white house or choking off funding to federal agencies . house speaker john boehner was among many republicans who warned that obama 's order will make it tougher to reach compromise on other reforms . " by ignoring the will of the american people , president obama has cemented his legacy of lawlessness and squandered what little credibility he had left , " boehner said in a statement . " his 'my way or the highway ' approach makes it harder to build the trust with the american people that is necessary to get things done on behalf of the country . " the immigration order not only sets the gop against obama , it raises the prospect of yet more intra-gop conflict , with some conservatives demanding a government shutdown , reports the washington post . " the president wants to see an angry and intemperate response , thinking the republicans will do something that leads to a shutdown , " says rep. charlie dent from pennsylvania . " do n't take the bait , and do n't have a hysterical reaction . we can be strong , rational , and measured . " democrats were broadly in support of the move to defer deportation for millions , but many called it just the first step in a process that should be completed by congress , the hill reports . the move is " a bold step in the right direction " but " not a permanent solution , " says democratic rep. linda sanchez , the new head of the congressional hispanic caucus . among those affected by the move , there is some joy and relief , but some feel it did n't go far enough and hope for a longer-term solution , the ap finds . " this will definitely help our family no longer live in fear , fear that we will have to drop everything if our parents are deported , " says a 20-year-old woman in portland whose parents lack legal status . " but there is still fear , because this is ... temporary , and we need something permanent . "
