sochi 's opening ceremony kicks off at 11am et tomorrow , and if you just ca n't wait for the olympic news to begin , well , here you go . competition has already started : some 32 hours before the opening ceremony , to be exact . the ap reports that early starts are required because sochi 's slate holds a dozen men 's and women 's medal events added since the 2010 vancouver olympics . everything happening in advance of tomorrow are just qualifying rounds , though . among them : men 's snowboard slopestyle and women 's moguls . security : everyone is worried about it , and russia says everyone should chill . usa today reports that russian deputy pm dmitry kozak today said , " the level of threat in sochi is no worse than in new york , washington , or boston . based on information we received from our intelligence services , there 's no reason to believe sochi is under more threat than any city on the planet . " he would not , however , comment specifically on ... ... toothpaste bombs : homeland security officials yesterday said airlines flying to russia ahead of the olympics ought to pay special attention to passengers ' toothpaste tubes because they could contain explosives to make a bomb . dhs officials are n't aware of any specific plot in the works , though . dangerous course ? shaun white made waves when he pulled out of aforementioned new olympic event slopestyle yesterday , saying that " the potential risk of injury is a bit too much for me to gamble my other olympics goals on . " the washington post reports that it 's only added to the questions of the extreme nature of the course , which killed the gold medal dreams of norway 's torstein horgmo on monday when he broke his collarbone in a training session . after a number of athletes clamored for changes , the tops and bottoms of a few of the jumps were " smoothed out . " a record : these winter olympics will see more heads of state and government and international organizations than any prior winter games , and three times the number of leaders who showed up in vancouver , reports the ap . of course , big names like barack obama , francois hollande , and david cameron wo n't be there . and then there 's the gripes about the accommodations and the food ...
