christopher ruddy is seen as a confidante of president trump , so his assertion on pbs on monday that trump might fire special prosecutor robert mueller is drawing a lot of attention . it was n't exactly a firm statement , with the newsmax ceo saying that trump is " considering perhaps terminating " mueller , who is looking into ties between the trump campaign and russia . he added : " i think he 's weighing that option . " that prompted a quick response from white house press secretary sean spicer , who said that ruddy " never spoke to the president regarding this issue " and that " only the president or his attorneys are authorized to comment. ” related coverage : who 's ruddy ? the los angeles times has a quick bio of the longtime trump pal that explains why he 's generally a reliable gauge on what trump is thinking . trial balloon ? that atlantic speculates that ruddy could be deliberately floating the idea to see how it flies , noting that he 's done so previously with , among other things , statements in regard to reince priebus . 'explosive ' : the new york times says firing mueller would be " politically explosive " given trump 's recent firing of james comey . it might mean that he 'd have to fire deputy ag rod rosenstein , too , the man who appointed mueller in the first place . a big no : rosenstein himself testified before a senate panel on tuesday and was asked a simple question by democratic sen. jeanne shaheen : “ have you seen good cause for firing mueller ? ” he had a simple answer , per the hill : “ i have not . " conservative push : newt gingrich initially praised mueller as a " superb choice , " but on monday , he tweeted : " republicans are delusional if they think the special counsel is going to be fair . look who he is hiring.check fec reports . time to rethink . " fellow conservative ann coulter joined the push , tweeting , " now that we know trump is not under investigation , sessions should take it back & fire mueller . " big hire : gingrich 's remark about mueller 's hires may be in reference to high-powered criminal specialist michael dreeben joining the team . a post at lawfare on friday called the hire " the worst thing that happened to donald trump this week , " because it signaled an aggressive investigation . overplayed ? a post at axios suggests all this will amount to nothing . " ordering the firing of mueller really does seem unlikely , " writes mike allen . " the near-universal advice trump will be getting from his white house team—and from legal advisors close to the administration—will be that it 's a catastrophic idea to get rid of mueller . " before ruddy : on abc sunday , trump attorney jay sekulow perhaps got all this started by refusing to rule out the possibility of trump firing mueller . " i 'm not going to speculate on what he will , or will not , do , " said sekulow , per politico . he added that he " ca n't imagine " it would happen , however .
