senate republicans on thursday finally unveiled their answer to the house bill to repeal and replace the affordable care act , and vox has an explainer of what 's in it . some major sticking points : the better care reconciliation act will ask poor and middle-class americans to pay more for less coverage , and medicaid would be cut after expansions are rolled back . medicaid patients would be unable to get treatment at planned parenthood , which would be defunded for a year . the bill also includes a tax break for the wealthy . here 's what else you need to know : first , politico has the full text of the 142-page document republicans are calling a " discussion draft . " three republican senators can defeat the bill by joining democrats to vote against it . fivethirtyeight reports the most likely candidates are rand paul and mike lee ( who do n't believe it goes far enough ; paul recently said he does n't want " obamacare lite " ) and susan collins and lisa murkowski ( who want more protections for medicaid and pre-existing conditions ) . abc news reports four republican senators have already said they wo n't vote for the bill without more information and negotiation : paul , lee , ron johnson , and ted cruz . they released a joint statement saying the bill does n't do enough to repeal obamacare . the bill 's writing was cloaked in such secrecy that the week reports as of thursday morning quite a few republican senators still had not seen it ; murkowski , for example , told a reporter , " i am not a reporter , and i am not a lobbyist , so i 've seen nothing . " president trump had called the house bill " mean " and in need of " more heart . " so scientific american takes a look to see if the senate version fulfills that requirement . when asked by a reporter if the senate bill had enough heart , trump called it " very good " but in need of " a little negotiation , " cnn reports . according to people , police dragged protesters—some of them in wheelchairs or wearing medical devices—away from mitch mcconnell 's office and arrested them . the protesters , members of a national disability rights group , say people with disabilities are threatened by the bill . finally , usa today reports senate democrats plan to fight the bill through procedural requests to slow down the process . they called for any changes to the house 's bill to be made public for at least 72 hours and be subject to cbo analysis .
