the conservative party swept to power today in britain 's parliamentary elections , winning a wholly unexpected and resounding victory and bringing the election to a much-quicker-than-expected conclusion . polls ahead of election day showed conservatives locked in a tight race with the opposition labour party , raising the possibility of days or weeks of negotiations to form a government . instead , the party won an outright majority , taking 326 of 650 seats . but as prime minister david cameron returns to 10 downing street in a stronger position than before , a trio of big names are out : labour party leader ed miliband , nick clegg of the liberal democrats , and independence party leader nigel farage have resigned in the election 's wake . more : line of the night , from cameron : " i want my party , and i hope a government that i would like to lead , to reclaim a mantle that we should never have lost—the mantle of one nation , one united kingdom . " cnn runs down the implications of the conservative party win . two big ones : expect to start reading the word " brexit " much more often , with cameron having vowed to hold a 2017 referendum on whether the uk should remain a part of the eu . and could scotland leave britain ? cnn presents the possibility , noting that the scottish national party 's victory was a staggering one , with it taking 56 out of the 59 uk parliamentary seats in scotland . cnn points to " rumblings in the british press " that such an snp victory could spur yet another referendum , this one in 2016 , on a split . the view from michael wolff : " it might be argued that the cameron government 's campaign last year to defeat the referendum for scottish independence helped propel the popularity of the snp , which in turn undermined the labour party 's traditional strength in scotland , thereby helping to [ ensure ] the tory victory , " he writes in usa today . interesting side-reading : the biggest loser of the night ? russell brand . among the night 's most fascinating victors : mhairi black , who becomes the uk 's youngest lawmaker since 1667 .
