president obama 's acceptance speech last night was n't a complete dud , but it was n't the finest speech of his career—or of the democratic national convention , or even of yesterday , say pundits . at 38 minutes , it was the shortest acceptance speech from an incumbent since gerald ford in 1976 , politico notes . the democrats were having a great convention until the president delivered a " warmed-over rehash of his stump speech " with a " laundry list of familiar proposals , " writes molly ball at the atlantic . his speech—which " seemed engineered as a series of defensive moves " —was " so befuddlingly flat as to make you wonder whether its lameness was intentional , " she writes . the speech was n't make-or-break for obama , but he could surely have done better than the " fourth best speech of the democratic convention " after bill clinton 's , michelle 's , and joe biden 's , writes yuval levin at the national review . obama " laid out no discernible second-term agenda of his own , " and his attack on romney 's " supposed plans to eradicate all of government while giving tax cuts to the wealthy " was the speech 's " sole coherent message , " he writes . chris cillizza at the washington post names his winners and losers of the convention , and puts obama between the two categories . " at times , it felt more like a state of the union address than a convention acceptance speech . it was workmanlike more than inspirational , " he writes . the speech was n't in the same league as bill clinton 's , " but neither will it be remembered as a colossal flop . " the speech was " forceful , animated , and error-free—but not among his most lustrous rhetorical moments , " write niall stanage and amie parnes at the hill . the speech " highlighted obama ’ s accomplishments , drew broad outlines of what a second white house term would bring , and was jam-packed with stark , sometimes mocking , contrasts between his policies and those " of mitt romney , but there was n't a glimpse of the " more elevated oratory that powered his historic journey to the oval office in 2008 " until the final minutes .
