kathryn bigelow 's detroit tells the story of a black singer who takes refuge in a dingy motel to escape the 1967 motor city riots . based on real events , the film reunites bigelow with screenwriter mark boal , both of the oscar-winning film the hurt locker . it 's got a strong 89 % " fresh " rating at rotten tomatoes . here 's what critics are saying : " bigelow drills down into one of american history 's most egregious cases of abuse of police power , bringing it to life with visceral detail and slowed-down meticulousness " in what " feels like her timeliest movie yet , " writes ann hornaday at the washington post . it 's " daring , sophisticated and unforgettably disturbing . " and " in scale , scope and the space it offers for a long-awaited moral reckoning , it 's nothing less than monumental . " " it 's hard to overstate just how visceral and harrowing an experience it is , " writes lindsey bahr at the ap , calling detroit " a well-made and evocative film " jam-packed with " stomach-churning horror . " she argues there could be more nuance and perspective . but " maybe anger is all you 're supposed to feel when you step outside the theater . maybe not feeling satisfied with detroit is the point . " chris klimek says detroit is " maddeningly imperfect but still honorable , " citing " lightly fictionalized " aspects of the otherwise true story that set it up " for maximum outrage . " this is " messy work , even when it ’ s done in good faith , " he writes at npr . he applauds john boyega , previously of the force awakens . radiating a " denzel-like calm , " he shows " he 's a bonafide movie star , " klimek writes . peter howell 's main gripe is that the film " tries to tell us everything about the circumstances without telling us much about the people . " but detroit still makes for " urgent viewing , " he writes at the toronto star . why ? " the injustice and anger behind it all feels like current reality , even a half-century on , " when " a person 's skin can still determine everything from employment opportunities to treatment by police . "
