credited/associated press the buffalo bills have announced the hiring of kathryn smith as a quality control assistant under head coach rex ryan , which makes her " the first full-time female assistant coach in nfl history . story_separator_special_tag you can see the success some of these young ladies are having in the coaching profession , such as the young lady that is an assistant to coach ( greg ) popovich at the san antonio spurs , and realize how exciting this is for women like kathryn smith as well as the bills organization. newline_char “ kathryn smith has done an outstanding job in the seven years that she has worked with our staff , ” said bills head coach rex ryan . newline_char “ kathryn smith has done an outstanding job in the seven years that she has worked with our staff , ” said bills head coach rex ryan . newline_char ” smith , who will enter her 14th year in the nfl next season , joins the bills coaching ranks after spending 2015 as the team ’ s administrative assistant to the head coach . newline_char ” smith , who will enter her 14th year in the nfl next season , joins the bills coaching ranks after spending 2015 as the team ’ s administrative assistant to the head coach . story_separator_special_tag the buffalo bills today announced that kathryn smith has been named the team ’ s quality control-special teams coach . newline_char “ kathryn smith has done an outstanding job in the seven years that she has worked with our staff , ” said bills head coach rex ryan . newline_char “ kathryn smith has done an outstanding job in the seven years that she has worked with our staff , ” said bills head coach rex ryan . newline_char you can see the success some of these young ladies are having in the coaching profession , such as the young lady that is an assistant to coach ( gregg ) popovich at the san antonio spurs , and realize how exciting this is for women like kathryn smith as well as the bills organization. newline_char ” smith , who will enter her 14th year in the nfl next season , joins the bills coaching ranks after spending 2015 as the team ’ s administrative assistant to the head coach . newline_char ” smith , who will enter her 14th year in the nfl next season , joins the bills coaching ranks after spending 2015 as the team ’ s administrative assistant to the head coach .
