tory_separator_special_tag a texas family is grieving after their 10-year-old daughter tragically died after trying to rescue kittens . newline_char greenlee marie was trying to rescue her kittens from behind a clothes dryer in her home when she was electrocuted , according to a gofundme created by her family . newline_char she was trying to rescue two kittens from behind her family ’ s dryer when she was tragically taken from this world , ” the gofundme read . newline_char ” “ at the wishes of her beloved parents , fundraising in greenlee ’ s memory are being made available to all who knew her and loved her in our community , ” it continued . newline_char ” her mother , shelby roos told ksla-tv that her daughter “ loved her babies , ” referring to the kittens greenlee was trying to rescue . newline_char so in honor of greenlee we are asking that any donations be made , in lieu of flowers , cards , etc , her family would like to be able to collect funds to continue greenlee ’ s passion of helping animals in our community . newline_char so in honor of greenlee we are asking that any donations be made , in lieu of flowers , cards , etc , her family would like to be able to collect funds to continue greenlee ’ s passion of helping animals in our community . story_separator_special_tag she was trying to rescue two kittens from behind her family ’ s dryer when she was tragically taken from this world . newline_char at the wishes of her beloved parents , shelby roos and scott hendrix , fundraising in greenlee ’ s memory are being made available to all who knew her and loved her in our community . newline_char so in honor of greenlee we are asking that any donations be made , in lieu of flowers , cards , etc , her family would like to be able to collect funds to continue greenlee ’ s passion of helping animals in our community . newline_char so in honor of greenlee we are asking that any donations be made , in lieu of flowers , cards , etc , her family would like to be able to collect funds to continue greenlee ’ s passion of helping animals in our community . story_separator_special_tag 
