over the years came to be a kind of recreation center or second home for dozens of children from the charity , a place where games were played , wrestling matches staged , sleepovers arranged , and from where trips to out-of-town sporting events were launched . newline_char sandusky said of his household ’ s relationship with children from the charity . newline_char “ and dottie said , ‘ you better go down and check on those kids , you know those second mile kids after football games. newline_char sandusky , after repeated requests , agreed to the interview because he said his decades of work with children had been misunderstood and distorted by prosecutors . newline_char sandusky , after repeated requests , agreed to the interview because he said his decades of work with children had been misunderstood and distorted by prosecutors . newline_char , over the years came to be a kind of recreation center or second home for dozens of children from the charity , a place where games were played , wrestling matches staged story_separator_special_tag the former penn state assistant football coach jerry sandusky , in his first extended interview since his indictment on sexual abuse charges last month , said coach joe paterno never spoke to him about any suspected misconduct with minors . newline_char sandusky had molested a 10-year-old boy in the showers of the university ’ s football building played a role in mr. newline_char paterno ’ s firing last month after 62 years at penn state . newline_char sandusky , in a nearly four-hour interview over two days this week , insisted he had never sexually abused any child , but he confirmed details of some of the events that prosecutors have cited in charging him with 40 counts of molesting young boys , all of whom came to know mr. newline_char sandusky , after repeated requests , agreed to the interview because he said his decades of work with children had been misunderstood and distorted by prosecutors . newline_char sandusky , after repeated requests , agreed to the interview because he said his decades of work with children had been misunderstood and distorted by prosecutors . newline_char , over the years came to be a kind of recreation center or second home for dozens of children from the charity , a place where games were played , wrestling matches staged
