vertisement continue reading the main story compared with my last visit , in 2004 , people seem more discontented — mainly because of economic difficulties caused in part by western sanctions . newline_char to watch the video , press the play button in the bottom-left corner of the image . newline_char mashhad , iran my 1,700-mile road trip across iran began with a giddy paean to america , reinforcing my view that at the grass-roots level , this may be the most pro-american nation in the middle east . newline_char mashhad , iran my 1,700-mile road trip across iran began with a giddy paean to america , reinforcing my view that at the grass-roots level , this may be the most pro-american nation in the middle east . newline_char he was so carried away that i thought he might hug me , and although he acknowledged that his business was suffering greatly from western sanctions , he said he blamed his own leaders . newline_char he was so carried away that i thought he might hug me , and although he acknowledged that his business was suffering greatly from western sanctions , he said he blamed his own leaders . newline_char compared with my last visit , in 2004 , people seem more discontented — mainly because of economic difficulties caused in part by western sanctions . newline_char those sanctions are causing bitter pain , yet a surprising number of iranians seem to largely blame their own leaders for the woes . newline_char those sanctions are causing bitter pain , yet a surprising number of iranians seem to largely blame their own leaders for the woes . story_separator_special_tag kristof gives a first look at his road trip through iran , as he talks to ordinary iranians about their lives , their government and the united states . newline_char to watch the video , press the play button in the bottom-left corner of the image . newline_char mashhad , iran my 1,700-mile road trip across iran began with a giddy paean to america , reinforcing my view that at the grass-roots level , this may be the most pro-american nation in the middle east . newline_char mashhad , iran my 1,700-mile road trip across iran began with a giddy paean to america , reinforcing my view that at the grass-roots level , this may be the most pro-american nation in the middle east . newline_char he was so carried away that i thought he might hug me , and although he acknowledged that his business was suffering greatly from western sanctions , he said he blamed his own leaders . newline_char he was so carried away that i thought he might hug me , and although he acknowledged that his business was suffering greatly from western sanctions , he said he blamed his own leaders . newline_char compared with my last visit , in 2004 , people seem more discontented — mainly because of economic difficulties caused in part by western sanctions . newline_char those sanctions are causing bitter pain , yet a surprising number of iranians seem to largely blame their own leaders for the woes . newline_char those sanctions are causing bitter pain , yet a surprising number of iranians seem to largely blame their own leaders for the woes .
