te sessions ( r-texas ) ended his bid to become the next house majority leader on thursday night , leaving majority whip kevin mccarthy ( r-calif. newline_char " after thoughtful consideration and discussion with my colleagues , i have made the decision to not continue my run for house majority leader , " sessions said in a statement . newline_char barring a late , new challenger , mccarthy will become the second-ranking house republican after the leadership election scheduled for june 19 . newline_char while sessions began seeking support within minutes of cantor 's surprise loss , he could not overcome the advantage that mccarthy had built up as the party 's chief vote counter and top fund-raiser . newline_char with mccarthy likely to become majority leader , the more competitive leadership election became the race to replace him as whip . newline_char that race pits mccarthy 's chief deputy , rep. newline_char ) , against the chairman of the conservative republican study committee , rep. newline_char " today , it became obvious to me that the measures necessary to run a successful campaign would have created unnecessary and painful division within our party . story_separator_special_tag u.s. representative pete sessions ( r-tx ) talks to reporters as he arrives for a meeting with house majority leader eric cantor ( r-va ) ( not pictured ) and the house republican caucus at the u.s. capitol in washington june 11 , 2014 . newline_char washington ( reuters ) - republican representative pete sessions said on thursday night he was dropping out of the race for house majority leader , leaving just one candidate in the contest to replace eric cantor . newline_char " after thoughtful consideration , i made the decision to not continue my run for house majority leader , " the texas lawmaker said in a statement . newline_char " today , it became obvious to me that the measures necessary to run a successful campaign would have created unnecessary and painful division within our party .
