ree months after an ohio woman kicked out part of a door to end nearly a decade of captivity , a former school bus driver who kidnapped three women and subjected them to years of sexual and physical abuse was being sentenced thursday . newline_char ( associated press ) ariel castro enters the courtroom during the sentencing phase thursday , aug. newline_char three months after an ohio woman kicked out part of a door to end nearly a decade of captivity , castro , ... newline_char three months after an ohio woman kicked out part of a door to end nearly a decade of captivity , castro , ... newline_char ( associated press ) ariel castro listens in the courtroom during the sentencing phase thursday , aug. newline_char ( associated press ) ariel castro listens in the courtroom during the sentencing phase thursday , aug. story_separator_special_tag story highlights judge sentences castro to life in prison , plus 1,000 years ariel castro insists he 's not a " violent sexual predator " he swears he did n't beat the victims victim michelle knight reads impact statement to castro when her chance came , kidnapping victim michelle knight lit into ariel castro , the man who held her captive and raped her in his cleveland home for a decade . story_separator_special_tag three months after an ohio woman kicked out part of a door to end nearly a decade of captivity , castro , ... newline_char three months after an ohio woman kicked out part of a door to end nearly a decade of captivity , castro , ... newline_char ( associated press ) michelle knight sits in the courtroom during a break in the sentencing phase for ariel castro  newline_char ( associated press ) ariel castro rubs his nose in the courtroom during the sentencing phase thursday , aug. newline_char ( associated press ) ariel castro rubs his nose in the courtroom during the sentencing phase thursday , aug. story_separator_special_tag ariel castro has been sentenced to life in prison plus 1,000 years for abducting three women in cleveland and subjecting them to unspeakable torture for over a decade . newline_char because they knew his children . story_separator_special_tag ( associated press ) ariel castro listens in the courtroom during the sentencing phase thursday , aug. newline_char ( associated press ) ariel castro listens in the courtroom during the sentencing phase thursday , aug. newline_char ( associated press ) ariel castro rubs his nose in the courtroom during the sentencing phase thursday , aug. newline_char ( associated press ) ariel castro rubs his nose in the courtroom during the sentencing phase thursday , aug.
