 deputy chief operating officer , told staff thursday that news corp. newline_char the paper has been under immense pressure for five years amid investigations into the use of private detectives to break into the mobile-phone voice mail of celebrities and political leaders . newline_char the public rebuke reached a new level this week with the allegation that , in 2002 , the paper accessed the voice mail of an abducted 13-year-old girl who , it turned out , had been murdered . newline_char a person familiar with the matter said james murdoch proposed the closure to his father earlier this week , and the idea was pursued immediately . newline_char " he said the final news of the world would be published sunday . newline_char analysts said the closure of news of the world would have a trivial impact on news corp. newline_char closing the paper by no means will shut down the scandal that has engulfed news corp. newline_char said it would close its news of the world weekly tabloid after a phone-hacking scandal , with this coming sunday 's edition the newspaper 's last . newline_char says it will close its 168-year-old u.k. tabloid news of the world , a dramatic bid to cap a scandal centered on the paper 's controversial reporting tactics in pursuit of racy scoops . newline_char says it will close its 168-year-old u.k. tabloid news of the world , a dramatic bid to cap a scandal centered on the paper 's controversial reporting tactics in pursuit of racy scoops . newline_char the paper , which appears on sundays , is accused of improperly intercepting voice mails of everyday people , including a 13-year-old murder victim , as well as those of celebrities . newline_char the paper , which appears on sundays , is accused of improperly intercepting voice mails of everyday people , including a 13-year-old murder victim , as well as those of celebrities . story_separator_special_tag says it will close its 168-year-old u.k. tabloid news of the world , a dramatic bid to cap a scandal centered on the paper 's controversial reporting tactics in pursuit of racy scoops . newline_char says it will close its 168-year-old u.k. tabloid news of the world , a dramatic bid to cap a scandal centered on the paper 's controversial reporting tactics in pursuit of racy scoops . newline_char the paper , which appears on sundays , is accused of improperly intercepting voice mails of everyday people , including a 13-year-old murder victim , as well as those of celebrities . newline_char the paper , which appears on sundays , is accused of improperly intercepting voice mails of everyday people , including a 13-year-old murder victim , as well as those of celebrities .
