micide detectives are investigating the death of fabio sementilli , an internationally known hairdresser and beauty company executive found beaten and stabbed outside his los angeles home . newline_char police say paramedics found sementilli bleeding profusely monday afternoon at the gated house in the upscale woodland hills neighborhood . newline_char ap photo/richard vogel woodland hills > > homicide detectives are investigating the stabbing death of a hairdresser in his woodland hills home and the disappearance of his 2008 black porsche 911 carrera , authorities said tuesday . newline_char paramedics were sent to the home in the 5000 block of queen victoria road shortly after 5 p.m. monday for a medical emergency call regarding “ hemorrhaging , ” the los angeles police department reported . newline_char homicide detectives determined that sementilli suffered several stab wounds to his neck and upper torso , police said . story_separator_special_tag it is with great sadness modern salon reports the passing of coty professional beauty vice president of education fabio sementilli , who died suddenly and tragically monday evening january 23 , 2017 , at his woodland hills home . newline_char his favorite quote was his own : “ being a leader is not about age ; instead , it ’ s all about attitude toward others. story_separator_special_tag los angles police detectives tuesday were trying to find out as they investigated the stabbing death of a renowned hairstylist in his woodland hills estate . story_separator_special_tag homicide detectives are investigating the death of fabio sementilli , an internationally known ... newline_char ( associated press ) los angeles ( ap ) — police on tuesday were investigating the killing of internationally known hairdresser and beauty company executive fabio sementilli , who was found beaten and stabbed at a los angeles home . newline_char paramedics found the 49-year-old sementilli on monday on the patio of a gated house in the upscale woodland hills neighborhood .
