 recent years , the industry of distilled spirits has put out a call for new beverages with different flavors created from unusual raw materials . newline_char used coffee grounds produced a new alcoholic beverage with 40 % ethanol , comparable to other hard liquor such as vodka and tequila , researchers will report in the september issue of lwt - food science and technology . newline_char to evaluate the product , eight trained taste testers were brought in and rated the intensity of different smells and flavors in the alcohol . newline_char ( a similar process is used to produce other distilled beverages such as whiskey and rum from wheat and molasses . newline_char ( a similar process is used to produce other distilled beverages such as whiskey and rum from wheat and molasses . story_separator_special_tag a new process that ferments liquor from used coffee grounds , then , may be just what the country is after . newline_char reporting on a new study for science , nisha giridharan details how to make what could soon be your new favorite drink : the scientists first collected from a portuguese coffee roasting company and dried it . newline_char ( a similar process is used to produce other distilled beverages such as whiskey and rum from wheat and molasses . newline_char ( a similar process is used to produce other distilled beverages such as whiskey and rum from wheat and molasses . newline_char used coffee grounds produced a new alcoholic beverage with 40 % ethanol . newline_char microbrewers often flavor their beers with coffee , and caffeine-liquor mixes , from the classic rum and coke to the infamous four loko , are nothing new . newline_char the scientists say that their new “ spent coffee ground spirit ” smells and tastes like coffee and “ was considered as having features of a pleasant beverage. newline_char ” plus , the potentially dangerous mix of caffeine and alcohol that gives boozy energy drinks a bad rap should be absent here : most of the caffeine , says giridharan , “ disappears in the brewing process.
