e man in the hat looked familiar , i thought , as i peered over at him a second time . newline_char the man in the hat looked familiar , i thought , as i peered over at him a second time . newline_char amid the glow of candles and soft lighting , i strained to look again at the man in the hat . newline_char amid the glow of candles and soft lighting , i strained to look again at the man in the hat . newline_char whereas a decade ago i would have turned and fled the restaurant at the prospect of being in the same place as this man , many years of personal-counseling work ( both trauma-specific and spiritual ) had led me to a place where i now embrace opportunities to move into spaces that allow me to break out of old patterns of retreat or denial . newline_char whereas a decade ago i would have turned and fled the restaurant at the prospect of being in the same place as this man , many years of personal-counseling work ( both trauma-specific and spiritual ) had led me to a place where i now embrace opportunities to move into spaces that allow me to break out of old patterns of retreat or denial . newline_char at the same moment i stepped toward the man in the hat and began to ask , “ you ’ re not . newline_char at the same moment i stepped toward the man in the hat and began to ask , “ you ’ re not . newline_char ken starr asked me several times if i was “ doing o.k. newline_char ken starr asked me several times if i was “ doing o.k. story_separator_special_tag the man in the hat looked familiar , i thought , as i peered over at him a second time . newline_char the man in the hat looked familiar , i thought , as i peered over at him a second time . newline_char amid the glow of candles and soft lighting , i strained to look again at the man in the hat . newline_char amid the glow of candles and soft lighting , i strained to look again at the man in the hat . newline_char whereas a decade ago i would have turned and fled the restaurant at the prospect of being in the same place as this man , many years of personal-counseling work ( both trauma-specific and spiritual ) had led me to a place where i now embrace opportunities to move into spaces that allow me to break out of old patterns of retreat or denial . newline_char whereas a decade ago i would have turned and fled the restaurant at the prospect of being in the same place as this man , many years of personal-counseling work ( both trauma-specific and spiritual ) had led me to a place where i now embrace opportunities to move into spaces that allow me to break out of old patterns of retreat or denial . newline_char at the same moment i stepped toward the man in the hat and began to ask , “ you ’ re not . newline_char at the same moment i stepped toward the man in the hat and began to ask , “ you ’ re not . newline_char ken starr asked me several times if i was “ doing o.k. newline_char ken starr asked me several times if i was “ doing o.k.
