e researchers hope they can use the new technology in treating patients born without ears or with small ears , with a clinical study involving humans expected to start in five years . newline_char the researchers at the two state-run universities cultured human induced pluripotent stem cells into cartilage cells , which were then made into numerous tiny balls . story_separator_special_tag scientists from the university of california , san francisco are on a mission to create a sophisticated artificial kidney device made with human kidney cells , silicon nanofilters and powered by blood pressure . newline_char in 2011 , cornell biological and environmental engineering assistant professor john march began collaborating with pittsburgh-based pediatric surgeon david hackam on a small artificial intestine using collagen and stem cells . newline_char in 2011 , a research team from cornell university bioengineered implants using gel and collagen seeded with rat cells that were then successfully placed into rat spines . newline_char in april , after an international team of surgeons spent nine hours operating on her at children 's hospital of illinois in peoria , 32-month old hannah warren became the youngest patient to ever receive a bioengineered organ . newline_char this month , a team from the yokohama city university graduate school of medicine published results of a study where they reprogrammed human adult skin cells , added other cell types , and got them to grow into early-stage liver “ buds. newline_char ott and his team are working on a bioartificial heart scaffold while mit researchers recently printed functional heart tissue from rodent cells . newline_char being able to make blood vessels in the lab from a patient ’ s own cells could mean better treatments for cardiovascular disease , kidney disease and diabetes . newline_char in 2011 , the head of california-based cytograft tissue engineering reported progress in a study where three end-stage kidney disease patients were implanted with blood vessels bioengineered in the lab .
