e boulder county sheriffs ' office continues their search for the 21-year-old , but johnson says , so far there are not many leads . newline_char now with the help of friends , johnson is offering a $ 100,000 reward for anyone with information leading up to criminal charges against anyone responsible , finding his son , or at least any items his son had when he went missing . story_separator_special_tag the family of ryder johnson , the lafayette man who went missing in january , is now offering a reward of $ 100,000 for leads on his whereabouts . newline_char " our family continues to be grateful for the outpouring of support from the community and the professionalism and persistence of the boulder county sheriff 's office , " said johnson 's father , rick . newline_char while investigators never were able to rule out foul play , sheriff 's officials said that it is likely johnson disappeared on his own volition . newline_char 17 leaving his job at eldora mountain resort near nederland , and his car was found later that night parked at 5800 gross dam road in southwest boulder county . newline_char 17 leaving his job at eldora mountain resort near nederland , and his car was found later that night parked at 5800 gross dam road in southwest boulder county . story_separator_special_tag — the severed foot found in a boot at the base of eldora mountain resort in june does not belong to a resort employee who has been missing since january , the boulder county coroner ’ s office said friday . story_separator_special_tag 17 leaving job at ski resort almost three weeks after he was last seen , a 20-year-old lafayette man remains missing as detectives and search crews have no viable leads about where he may be . newline_char 17 leaving his job at eldora mountain resort near nederland , and his car was found later that night parked at 5800 gross dam road in southwest boulder county . newline_char 17 leaving his job at eldora mountain resort near nederland , and his car was found later that night parked at 5800 gross dam road in southwest boulder county .
