th the increase in drivers comes traffic , which means more time and money spent idling in cars . newline_char with the increase in drivers comes traffic , which means more time and money spent idling in cars . newline_char specifically , we looked at hours spent in traffic per year for the average driver , the annual cost of traffic for the average driver , the rate of motor vehicle theft , the number of repair shops and parking garages per driver , the commuter stress index and the non-driving options a resident has for getting around . newline_char specifically , we looked at hours spent in traffic per year for the average driver , the annual cost of traffic for the average driver , the rate of motor vehicle theft , the number of repair shops and parking garages per driver , the commuter stress index and the non-driving options a resident has for getting around . story_separator_special_tag with the increase in drivers comes traffic , which means more time and money spent idling in cars . newline_char with the increase in drivers comes traffic , which means more time and money spent idling in cars . newline_char specifically , we looked at hours spent in traffic per year for the average driver , the annual cost of traffic for the average driver , the rate of motor vehicle theft , the number of repair shops and parking garages per driver , the commuter stress index and the non-driving options a resident has for getting around . newline_char specifically , we looked at hours spent in traffic per year for the average driver , the annual cost of traffic for the average driver , the rate of motor vehicle theft , the number of repair shops and parking garages per driver , the commuter stress index and the non-driving options a resident has for getting around . newline_char plus , on the east coast in particular , these cities tend to be older which means they were not built to handle car traffic . newline_char plus , on the east coast in particular , these cities tend to be older which means they were not built to handle car traffic . newline_char plus , on the east coast in particular , these cities tend to be older which means they were not built to handle car traffic . newline_char newark , new jersey brick city tops our ranking of the worst cities to own a car . newline_char newark ranks eighth in the country for motor vehicle thefts per 1,000 residents . newline_char being stuck in traffic costs the average commuter in san francisco $ 1,600 per year . newline_char sf is also one of the 10 worst cities for motor vehicle thefts per resident , another reason to forgo car ownership .
