 the justice department is suing california and two top state officials , accusing them of interfering with federal immigration efforts by passing and enforcing state laws that hinder u.s. operations against undocumented people . newline_char the new federal case represents an escalation of the long-running battle between the trump administration and california , whose democratic governor , jerry brown , and attorney general , xavier becerra , have positioned themselves as ideological opponents to the white house on matters from immigration and climate change to criminal justice . newline_char a second law restricts state and local law enforcement from voluntarily sharing information with the feds about the release dates of undocumented people in their custody . newline_char attorney general jeff sessions , a longtime proponent of immigration restrictions , will speak wednesday at an annual law enforcement legislative day hosted by the california peace officers ' association in sacramento . newline_char " the department of justice and the trump administration are going to fight these unjust , unfair and unconstitutional policies that have been imposed on you , " sessions will tell that group , according to an advance excerpt of his remarks . newline_char " at a time of unprecedented political turmoil , jeff sessions has come to california to further divide and polarize america , " brown said . newline_char , senior justice department officials said california had acted in " quite obviously novel ways " and that the state laws there were " glaring and in some respects go beyond what we 've seen " elsewhere . newline_char those officials said the justice department is in the process of reviewing other state immigration laws . newline_char the u.s. justice department is also locked in courtroom battles with california and other jurisdictions over its threats to withhold federal law enforcement grant money from sanctuary cities , which refuse to voluntarily share information with immigration agents . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag 
