pinal , the study ’ s lead author and the director of communicable diseases at the pan american health organization , which collected data on confirmed and suspected cases of zika infection and on the incidence of guillain-barré . newline_char ” in venezuela , officials expected roughly 70 cases of guillain-barré from december 2015 to the end of march 2016 , as mosquitoes were spreading the virus . newline_char similarly , during five months in which the zika virus was circulating in colombia , officials recorded 320 cases of guillain-barré when there should have been about 100 . newline_char from september 2015 to march 2016 , while zika infections peaked in el salvador , cases of guillain-barré doubled to 184 from 92 . newline_char the researchers included patients with both suspected and confirmed zika infections , as reported by national health officials . story_separator_special_tag san juan , puerto rico ( ap ) — puerto rico on friday reported its first death from a paralysis condition that developed from a zika infection as the u.s. territory fights an epidemic of the mosquito-borne virus . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag there ’ s more evidence that zika virus infection can cause a paralyzing side effect called guillain-barré syndrome . newline_char instances of guillain-barré skyrocketed in countries hit by zika virus epidemics — by as much as 877 percent in venezuela , health officials and researchers from latin america reported . story_separator_special_tag guillain-barré syndrome ( gbs ) is an uncommon sickness of the nervous system in which a person ’ s own immune system damages the nerve cells , causing muscle weakness , and sometimes , paralysis . newline_char several countries that have experienced zika outbreaks recently have reported increases in people who have guillain-barré syndrome ( gbs ) . newline_char current cdc research suggests that gbs is strongly associated with zika ; however , only a small proportion of people with recent zika virus infection get gbs .
