ory highlights u.s. makes another drop of food and water to iraqis stranded on mountain fighter jets and drones targeted an isis mortar position and a convoy , pentagon says the warplanes targeted an isis convoy near irbil , the pentagon says isis militants capture dam north of mosul , kurdish official says u.s. fighter jets and drones repeatedly bombed sunni islamic extremists in northern iraq on friday , targeting what officials described as isis artillery units and convoys advancing on the kurdish regional capital of irbil . newline_char the airstrikes began just hours after president barack obama authorized " targeted airstrikes , " saying in a televised address late thursday that the united states had an obligation to protect its personnel in iraq and prevent a potential genocide of minority groups by isis . newline_char must watch u.s. starts aid drop mission in iraq 02:53 just watched obama authorizes airstrikes against isis replay more videos ... story_separator_special_tag . ( associated press ) a shiite fighter strands guard next to followers of shiite cleric muqtada al-sadr attending open-air friday prayers in the shiite stronghold of sadr city , baghdad , iraq , friday , aug. story_separator_special_tag washington ( ap ) — u.s. fighters dropped bombs on islamic militants in iraq friday , the pentagon said , carrying out president barack obama 's promise of military force to counter the advancing militants and confront the threat they pose to iraqi civilians and americans still stationed there . newline_char ( associated press ) president barack obama speaks about the situation in iraq in the state dining room at the white house in washington , thursday , aug. newline_char ( associated press ) president barack obama speaks about the situation in iraq in the state dining room at the white house in washington , thursday , aug. newline_char ( associated press ) president barack obama speaks about the situation in iraq in the state dining room at the white house in washington , thursday , aug.
