ift 's camp claimed credit for the song after the two split ( the song was rumored to also have been the source of the breakup ) . newline_char swift 's camp claimed credit for the song after the two split ( the song was rumored to also have been the source of the breakup ) . newline_char people who sided with harris started spamming swift 's instagram comments with the snake emoji . newline_char people who sided with harris started spamming swift 's instagram comments with the snake emoji . newline_char ( harris has since revealed regret for his tweets . newline_char ( harris has since revealed regret for his tweets . story_separator_special_tag after plenty of teasing and quite a bit of waiting , taylor swift has finally given fans the gift they 've been wanting for three years ... newline_char the singer revealed on wednesday she will this year release her sixth studio album , reputation , her first major record in three years . newline_char reputation is set for release on nov. newline_char 10 , according to her instagram . newline_char she also revealed that the first single from the record will be released thursday night . newline_char she also revealed its cover art . newline_char it features a black and white photo of taylor dressed casually in a loose-fitting shirt and sporting wet hair , dark lipstick and a chain choker while standing amid a backdrop of fake newspaper headlines and articles , all containing repeats of two words , " taylor swift . newline_char " it comes hours after the singer released the third in a series of three videos making up a larger one of a slithering snake—an animal her critics have often associated with her over the years , and days after she purged all of her social media accounts . story_separator_special_tag swift 's camp claimed credit for the song after the two split ( the song was rumored to also have been the source of the breakup ) . newline_char swift 's camp claimed credit for the song after the two split ( the song was rumored to also have been the source of the breakup ) . newline_char people who sided with harris started spamming swift 's instagram comments with the snake emoji . newline_char people who sided with harris started spamming swift 's instagram comments with the snake emoji . newline_char ( harris has since revealed regret for his tweets . newline_char ( harris has since revealed regret for his tweets .
