shington ( cnn ) the inspector general for the intelligence community has informed members of congress that some material hillary clinton emailed from her private server contained classified information , but it was not identified that way . newline_char the ig reviewed a " limited sampling " of her emails and among those 40 reviewed found that " four contained classified [ intelligence community ] information , " wrote the ig charles mccullough in a letter to congress . newline_char mccullough said that state department freedom of information act officials told the intelligence community ig that " there are potentially hundreds of classified emails within the approximately 30,000 provided by former secretary clinton . story_separator_special_tag cedar rapids , iowa ( ap ) — in an interview monday with the associated press , democratic presidential candidate hillary rodham clinton said she has " tried to not only take responsibility , because it was my decision , but to be as transparent as possible " about her use of a private email server when she was secretary of state . newline_char democratic presidential candidate hillary rodham clinton speaks during an interview with the associated press , monday , sept. newline_char ( associated press ) democratic presidential candidate hillary rodham clinton speaks during an interview with the associated press , monday , sept. newline_char ( associated press ) democratic presidential candidate hillary rodham clinton speaks during an interview with the associated press , monday , sept. newline_char ( associated press ) democratic presidential candidate hillary rodham clinton speaks during an interview with the associated press , monday , sept. newline_char ( associated press ) democratic presidential candidate hillary rodham clinton speaks during an interview with the associated press , monday , sept. story_separator_special_tag our democratic principles require that the american people be informed of the activities of their government .
