teenage suspect has been arrested in connection with fatally shooting a mother of four after a road rage incident last week , police said thursday . newline_char pic.twitter.com/gnskoktnaz — lvmpd ( @ lvmpd ) february 19 , 2015 police said nowsch shot tammy meyers , 44 , outside her home around 11:22 p.m. that night , and she died two days later . newline_char the shooting occurred after meyers was confronted by an angry driver in a road rage incident earlier that night , as she was heading home with her daughter . newline_char las vegas police search for second suspect in road-rage shooting 1:23 police said that after meyers got home , she and her 22-year-old armed son went out looking for that driver and followed a car she believed was the same as the one involved in the earlier incident . newline_char i could n't tell you this before , " robert meyers told reporters outside his home after the arrest . newline_char " robert meyers said his wife " spent countless hours at that park consoling this boy , " that she fed him and gave him money , and that " she told him to pull his pants up and to be a man , more times than i can count . newline_char lvmpd homicide detectives have arrested the suspect in the february 12th road rage shooting incident . newline_char lvmpd homicide detectives have arrested the suspect in the february 12th road rage shooting incident . story_separator_special_tag on thursday , nowsch was arrested , accused of killing meyers in what has been described as a road rage incident that ended a week ago with a shooting in front of meyers ' home . newline_char lvmpd homicide detectives have arrested the suspect in the february 12th road rage shooting incident . newline_char lvmpd homicide detectives have arrested the suspect in the february 12th road rage shooting incident . newline_char police have said the shooting followed a road-rage incident that took place last week near a junior high school where meyers gave her 15-year-old daughter a night-time driving lesson .
