e first word owner meredith grant , got about the mix-up was in a phone call from the airline 10 minutes before the flight hendrix was supposed to be on landed in phoenix . newline_char united apologized and offered a full refund , grant said . newline_char when the airline realized the dog had been put on the wrong flight , immediate steps were taken to return hendrix to his owner , she said . newline_char when the airline realized the dog had been put on the wrong flight , immediate steps were taken to return hendrix to his owner , she said . newline_char while on the unexpected detour , hendrix was walked and fed by united staff , and he was able to spend time with his owner when he returned to newark before departing for his original destination of phoenix , mccarthy said . story_separator_special_tag story highlights hendrix , a 6-year-old dog , was put on the wrong flight in newark , united airlines says the dog was supposed to fly to phoenix and ended up instead in shannon , ireland united 's staff walked and fed the dog until he was reunited with his owner , the airline says it was dog , gone . newline_char that 's what happened to an english springer spaniel named hendrix that was scheduled to fly from newark to phoenix this week and was put on the wrong flight -- to ireland . newline_char that 's what happened to an english springer spaniel named hendrix that was scheduled to fly from newark to phoenix this week and was put on the wrong flight -- to ireland . newline_char when the airline realized the dog had been put on the wrong flight , immediate steps were taken to return hendrix to his owner , she said . newline_char when the airline realized the dog had been put on the wrong flight , immediate steps were taken to return hendrix to his owner , she said . newline_char the first word owner edith albach got about the mix-up was in a phone call from the airline 10 minutes before the flight hendrix was supposed to be on landed in phoenix . newline_char while on the unexpected detour , hendrix was walked and fed by united staff , and he was able to spend time with his owner when he returned to newark before departing for his original destination of phoenix , mccarthy said .
