kland , ca—speaking over lunch last friday , a northern california man named conal o'rourke laid out what admittedly sounds like a crazy story : a year-long billing dispute over his home comcast service that ultimately resulted in comcast getting o'rourke fired from his job at pricewaterhousecoopers ( pwc ) in nearby san jose earlier this year . newline_char oakland , ca—speaking over lunch last friday , a northern california man named conal o'rourke laid out what admittedly sounds like a crazy story : a year-long billing dispute over his home comcast service that ultimately resulted in comcast getting o'rourke fired from his job at pricewaterhousecoopers ( pwc ) in nearby san jose earlier this year . newline_char but o ’ rourke arrived to last week ’ s lunch meeting with ars with an astonishing amount of documentation : he has pages and pages of comcast invoices . newline_char but o ’ rourke arrived to last week ’ s lunch meeting with ars with an astonishing amount of documentation : he has pages and pages of comcast invoices . newline_char in february 2013 , he moved to a new place in san jose and signed up for tv and internet service with comcast , since the only other competitive service , at & t ’ s u-verse , was not available in his building . newline_char in february 2013 , he moved to a new place in san jose and signed up for tv and internet service with comcast , since the only other competitive service , at & t ’ s u-verse , was not available in his building . newline_char his first issues began when , after six weeks of service , he had yet to receive a bill . newline_char his first issues began when , after six weeks of service , he had yet to receive a bill . story_separator_special_tag oakland , ca—speaking over lunch last friday , a northern california man named conal o'rourke laid out what admittedly sounds like a crazy story : a year-long billing dispute over his home comcast service that ultimately resulted in comcast getting o'rourke fired from his job at pricewaterhousecoopers ( pwc ) in nearby san jose earlier this year . newline_char oakland , ca—speaking over lunch last friday , a northern california man named conal o'rourke laid out what admittedly sounds like a crazy story : a year-long billing dispute over his home comcast service that ultimately resulted in comcast getting o'rourke fired from his job at pricewaterhousecoopers ( pwc ) in nearby san jose earlier this year . newline_char but o ’ rourke arrived to last week ’ s lunch meeting with ars with an astonishing amount of documentation : he has pages and pages of comcast invoices . newline_char but o ’ rourke arrived to last week ’ s lunch meeting with ars with an astonishing amount of documentation : he has pages and pages of comcast invoices . newline_char in february 2013 , he moved to a new place in san jose and signed up for tv and internet service with comcast , since the only other competitive service , at & t ’ s u-verse , was not available in his building . newline_char in february 2013 , he moved to a new place in san jose and signed up for tv and internet service with comcast , since the only other competitive service , at & t ’ s u-verse , was not available in his building . newline_char his first issues began when , after six weeks of service , he had yet to receive a bill . newline_char his first issues began when , after six weeks of service , he had yet to receive a bill . story_separator_special_tag 
