ws , goats , deer , and sheep naturally produce an abundance of methane — one of the more powerful greenhouse gases — but researchers are hoping that they can all but bring an end to that with selective breeding . newline_char however , the team 's intention is n't strictly environmental : the real hope is to increase the efficiency of cows and other ruminant , methane-producing animals . newline_char this finding should allow the team to breed animals that release methane at continually lower levels . newline_char this finding should allow the team to breed animals that release methane at continually lower levels . story_separator_special_tag cows , goats , deer , and sheep naturally produce an abundance of methane — one of the more powerful greenhouse gases — but researchers are hoping that they can all but bring an end to that with selective breeding . newline_char the verge reports : cows , goats , deer , and sheep naturally produce an abundance of methane — one of the more powerful greenhouse gases — but researchers are hoping that they can all but bring an end to that with selective breeding . newline_char this finding should allow the team to breed animals that release methane at continually lower levels . newline_char this finding should allow the team to breed animals that release methane at continually lower levels . story_separator_special_tag the possibility of selective breeding to produce cattle that are consistently low methane emitters is being explored by an international team of scientists led by the university of aberdeen . newline_char ” the ruminomics team has been investigating methane production and feed efficiency between individual animals and the effect of different feeds . newline_char in dairy cattle they have shown that the production of methane is quite variable , particularly between individual animals . newline_char professor wallace said : “ currently most diets which have been formulated to lower methane add cost or increase losses of other nutrients. newline_char professor wallace added : “ the ruminomics team is finding means to identify animals which are producing less methane and are more efficient across a range of diets .
