s chief talent office , tawni cranz , said : at netflix , we work hard to foster a “ freedom and responsibility ” culture that gives our employees context about our business and the freedom to make their own decisions along with the accompanying responsibility . newline_char mind you , netflix has an unlimited time-off policy , but today ’ s policy update is a clear reminder that the company wants the best talent . newline_char at netflix , we work hard to foster a “ freedom and responsibility ” culture that gives our employees context about our business and the freedom to make their own decisions along with the accompanying responsibility . newline_char with this in mind , today we ’ re introducing an unlimited leave policy for new moms and dads that allows them to take off as much time as they want during the first year after a child ’ s birth or adoption . newline_char with this in mind , today we ’ re introducing an unlimited leave policy for new moms and dads that allows them to take off as much time as they want during the first year after a child ’ s birth or adoption . newline_char this new policy , combined with our unlimited time off , allows employees to be supported during the changes in their lives and return to work more focused and dedicated . newline_char this new policy , combined with our unlimited time off , allows employees to be supported during the changes in their lives and return to work more focused and dedicated . story_separator_special_tag at netflix , we work hard to foster a “ freedom and responsibility ” culture that gives our employees context about our business and the freedom to make their own decisions along with the accompanying responsibility . newline_char with this in mind , today we ’ re introducing an unlimited leave policy for new moms and dads that allows them to take off as much time as they want during the first year after a child ’ s birth or adoption . newline_char with this in mind , today we ’ re introducing an unlimited leave policy for new moms and dads that allows them to take off as much time as they want during the first year after a child ’ s birth or adoption . newline_char this new policy , combined with our unlimited time off , allows employees to be supported during the changes in their lives and return to work more focused and dedicated . newline_char this new policy , combined with our unlimited time off , allows employees to be supported during the changes in their lives and return to work more focused and dedicated . story_separator_special_tag netflix announced tuesday that it ’ s now allowing employees to take unlimited maternity or paternity leave during the first year after their child ’ s birth or adoption .
