california man has captured on video the terrifying moment a great white shark breaks open and enters a shark cage with a diver inside . newline_char " on a recent great white shark cage diving trip we experienced a very rare event , a shark breaching the side of the cage , " the man , who asked that his name not be used , wrote on youtube , where he posted the video . newline_char " in the video , the shark smashes through a diving cage and leaps out the top -- with a diver inside . newline_char the videographer said , " these awesome sharks are biting at large chunks of tuna tied to a rope . newline_char " i want to return next year for another great white shark adventure , " he said . newline_char what might appear to be an aggressive great white shark trying to attack the cage , this is not the case . newline_char what might appear to be an aggressive great white shark trying to attack the cage , this is not the case . newline_char when a great white shark lunges and bites something , it is temporarily blinded . newline_char when a great white shark lunges and bites something , it is temporarily blinded . newline_char he ended up outside the bottom of the cage , looking down on two great white sharks . newline_char he ended up outside the bottom of the cage , looking down on two great white sharks . story_separator_special_tag on a recent great white shark cage diving trip we experienced a very rare horrifying shark encounter event , a shark breaching the side of the cage . newline_char what might appear to be an aggressive great white shark trying to attack the cage , this is not the case . newline_char what might appear to be an aggressive great white shark trying to attack the cage , this is not the case . newline_char when a great white shark lunges and bites something , it is temporarily blinded . newline_char when a great white shark lunges and bites something , it is temporarily blinded . newline_char he ended up outside the bottom of the cage , looking down on two great white sharks . newline_char he ended up outside the bottom of the cage , looking down on two great white sharks . newline_char i want to return next year for another great white shark adventure !
