new study singles out one surprising emotion as a potent medicine : awe . newline_char for the study , published in january in the journal emotion , researchers from the university of california , berkeley , and other institutions focused on some particularly moody subjects : college freshmen . newline_char ninety-four berkeley students were recruited to fill out questionnaires about how frequently during the past month they felt various positive and negative emotions , like hostility , enthusiasm and inspiration . story_separator_special_tag awe seems to be a universal emotion , but it has been largely neglected by scientists—until now . newline_char psychological scientists melanie rudd and jennifer aaker of stanford university graduate school of business and kathleen vohs of the university of minnesota carlson school of management devised a way to study this feeling of awe in the laboratory . story_separator_special_tag , gods humans invoked in the village ritual houses that sprang up some 10,000 years ago , the spirits greek families felt guarded over their fates , and encounters with the divine at the center of the world ’ s great spiritual traditions . newline_char , gods humans invoked in the village ritual houses that sprang up some 10,000 years ago , the spirits greek families felt guarded over their fates , and encounters with the divine at the center of the world ’ s great spiritual traditions . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag , gods humans invoked in the village ritual houses that sprang up some 10,000 years ago , the spirits greek families felt guarded over their fates , and encounters with the divine at the center of the world ’ s great spiritual traditions . newline_char , gods humans invoked in the village ritual houses that sprang up some 10,000 years ago , the spirits greek families felt guarded over their fates , and encounters with the divine at the center of the world ’ s great spiritual traditions . newline_char in a philosophical enquiry into the origin of our ideas of the sublime and beautiful , burke detailed how we feel the sublime ( awe ) not just during religious ritual or in communion with god , but in everyday perceptual experiences : in hearing thunder , in being moved by music , in seeing repetitive patterns of light and dark .
