associated press ) havana ( ap ) — cuba 's national assembly will elect a new president on wednesday and announce the replacement for raul castro the next day , an unusual two-day process that will install someone from outside the castro family in the country 's highest government office for the first time in nearly six decades . newline_char communist party newspaper granma says the congress will assemble at 9 a.m. and select leaders of the legislature before voting for the president and other members of the council of state , the country 's highest government body . newline_char ( associated press ) girls walk along a street in old havana where a driver steers his classic american car in havana , cuba , tuesday , april 17 , 2018 . newline_char ( associated press ) girls walk along a street in old havana where a driver steers his classic american car in havana , cuba , tuesday , april 17 , 2018 . story_separator_special_tag ( associated press ) girls walk along a street in old havana where a driver steers his classic american car in havana , cuba , tuesday , april 17 , 2018 . newline_char ( associated press ) girls walk along a street in old havana where a driver steers his classic american car in havana , cuba , tuesday , april 17 , 2018 . newline_char . ( associated press ) havana ( ap ) — the cuban government on wednesday selected 57-year-old first vice president miguel mario diaz-canel bermudez as the sole candidate to succeed president raul castro in a transition aimed at ensuring that the country 's single-party system outlasts the aging revolutionaries who created it . newline_char the certain approval of diaz-canel by members of the unfailingly unanimous national assembly will install someone from outside the castro family in the country 's highest government office for the first time in nearly six decades . newline_char that image changed slightly this year as state media placed an increasing spotlight on diaz-canel 's public appearances , including remarks to the press last month that included his promise to make cuba 's government more responsive to its people .
