sa herring , superintendent of birmingham city schools , said huffman high school does have working metal detectors in use but declined to comment further as it is part of the ongoing investigation . newline_char a huffman high school student is in custody in the fatal shooting of 17-year-old courtlin arrington inside the east birmingham school . newline_char a huffman high school student is in custody in the fatal shooting of 17-year-old courtlin arrington inside the east birmingham school . newline_char police have not identified the student but issued this statement thursday morning : " detectives of the birmingham police department have been working through the night reviewing evidence , video and statements on the tragic incident that took place at huffman high school yesterday . newline_char police have not identified the student but issued this statement thursday morning : " detectives of the birmingham police department have been working through the night reviewing evidence , video and statements on the tragic incident that took place at huffman high school yesterday . story_separator_special_tag a huffman high school student is in custody in the fatal shooting of 17-year-old courtlin arrington inside the east birmingham school . newline_char a huffman high school student is in custody in the fatal shooting of 17-year-old courtlin arrington inside the east birmingham school . newline_char police have not identified the student but issued this statement thursday morning : " detectives of the birmingham police department have been working through the night reviewing evidence , video and statements on the tragic incident that took place at huffman high school yesterday . newline_char police have not identified the student but issued this statement thursday morning : " detectives of the birmingham police department have been working through the night reviewing evidence , video and statements on the tragic incident that took place at huffman high school yesterday . newline_char " initially birmingham police officials said the deadly shooting , which happened inside a classroom as school was dismissing for the day , appeared to be accidental . newline_char " initially birmingham police officials said the deadly shooting , which happened inside a classroom as school was dismissing for the day , appeared to be accidental . story_separator_special_tag a person of interest has been taken into custody after a 17-year-old girl was shot dead at an alabama high school wednesday , police said . newline_char charges are pending a review of the case by the jefferson county district attorney ’ s office , the birmingham police department said today . newline_char a 17-year-old boy was also shot and survived in the wednesday afternoon incident during dismissal at huffman high school in birmingham , police said .
