 2008 , hillary clinton was running against an inexperienced , untested young senator named barack obama . newline_char in 2008 , hillary clinton was running against an inexperienced , untested young senator named barack obama . newline_char but somehow , much of the democratic policy establishment ended up supporting obama . newline_char but somehow , much of the democratic policy establishment ended up supporting obama . newline_char no one doubted that clinton knew policy inside and out ; they doubted that she would make the right calls in the face of public pressure . newline_char no one doubted that clinton knew policy inside and out ; they doubted that she would make the right calls in the face of public pressure . newline_char the iraq war loomed largest here , but a smaller , though still important moment was when hillary clinton proposed suspending the federal gas tax for the summer travel season . newline_char the iraq war loomed largest here , but a smaller , though still important moment was when hillary clinton proposed suspending the federal gas tax for the summer travel season . newline_char " policy wonks agreed , and clinton faced a storm of criticism for her pander . newline_char " policy wonks agreed , and clinton faced a storm of criticism for her pander . story_separator_special_tag in 2008 , hillary clinton was running against an inexperienced , untested young senator named barack obama . newline_char in 2008 , hillary clinton was running against an inexperienced , untested young senator named barack obama . newline_char but somehow , much of the democratic policy establishment ended up supporting obama . newline_char but somehow , much of the democratic policy establishment ended up supporting obama . newline_char no one doubted that clinton knew policy inside and out ; they doubted that she would make the right calls in the face of public pressure . newline_char no one doubted that clinton knew policy inside and out ; they doubted that she would make the right calls in the face of public pressure . newline_char the iraq war loomed largest here , but a smaller , though still important moment was when hillary clinton proposed suspending the federal gas tax for the summer travel season . newline_char the iraq war loomed largest here , but a smaller , though still important moment was when hillary clinton proposed suspending the federal gas tax for the summer travel season . newline_char " policy wonks agreed , and clinton faced a storm of criticism for her pander . newline_char " policy wonks agreed , and clinton faced a storm of criticism for her pander . story_separator_special_tag hillary clinton breaks from obama on pacific trade deal 2:20 first read is a morning briefing from meet the press and the nbc political unit on the day 's most important political stories and why they matter . newline_char why clinton ’ s flip-flop on trade is so unbelievable yes , hillary clinton ’ s new opposition to the trans-pacific partnership trade accord cleans up something she needed to do before next week ’ s first democratic debate .
