getty state worried about marine uniforms during attack state department officials on an emergency conference call during the benghazi attack brought up concerns about whether marines that might have been deployed should wear uniforms — something officials previously said could hurt diplomacy in the region , according to house benghazi investigators . newline_char the final gop-authored house benghazi report released tuesday included new details of a two-hour video teleconference call the night of the attack , a session led by white house chief of staff denis mcdonough . newline_char under secretary of state for management patrick kennedy told investigators he wanted to ensure that security was enhanced , not hurt by flags on the uniforms of any u.s. military presence . story_separator_special_tag the final majority report of the benghazi select committee is set to be released later tuesday morning . newline_char among the most interesting aspects of their " additional views " is a timeline that contrasts the story top obama administration officials were telling in public with the very different story some of those same officials were sharing with one another in private emails , conversations and documents . newline_char the timeline reinforces in a compelling way what will be one of the most significant takeaways from the committee investigation : the obama administration knowingly provided the american people a false story about the benghazi attack , its causes and its consequences . newline_char summary of call between secretary clinton and president magariaf : " [ o ] ur diplomatic mission was attacked [ . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag ” cummings accused benghazi chairman trey gowdy trey gowdychatter grows that ryan could step down lawmakers press lynch for briefing on yahoo secret email scanning reports clinton it aide pleads fifth , skips hearing more ( r-s.c. newline_char “ and i don ’ t think they want to be fact-checked , ” cummings added of republicans .
