om audio science and pilot inspektor to moon unit and apple , some celebs have beyonce and jay-z 's unconventional baby name looking quite tame . newline_char check out some of hollywood 's wackiest baby names below : close  strangest celebrity baby names of   daughter of gwyneth paltrow and chris martin  share  tweet  ✖ advertisement share this ✖ close current slide head over to huffpost parents to help pick the top baby name of the future ! newline_char we suppose blue ivy is better than poison ivy , but we still have a feeling that beyonce and jay-z 's new bundle of joy may be the target of a few zingers when it comes to kindergarten color-learning time . newline_char we suppose blue ivy is better than poison ivy , but we still have a feeling that beyonce and jay-z 's new bundle of joy may be the target of a few zingers when it comes to kindergarten color-learning time . newline_char and although the music industry power couple 's baby girl wo n't have to worry about standing out in a classroom full of catherines , she certainly does n't have the wackiest of monikers among hollywood 's offspring . newline_char and although the music industry power couple 's baby girl wo n't have to worry about standing out in a classroom full of catherines , she certainly does n't have the wackiest of monikers among hollywood 's offspring . story_separator_special_tag we suppose blue ivy is better than poison ivy , but we still have a feeling that beyonce and jay-z 's new bundle of joy may be the target of a few zingers when it comes to kindergarten color-learning time . newline_char we suppose blue ivy is better than poison ivy , but we still have a feeling that beyonce and jay-z 's new bundle of joy may be the target of a few zingers when it comes to kindergarten color-learning time . newline_char and although the music industry power couple 's baby girl wo n't have to worry about standing out in a classroom full of catherines , she certainly does n't have the wackiest of monikers among hollywood 's offspring . newline_char and although the music industry power couple 's baby girl wo n't have to worry about standing out in a classroom full of catherines , she certainly does n't have the wackiest of monikers among hollywood 's offspring .
