gentine presidency/handout via reuters buenos aires ( reuters ) - the united states will not recognize the result of venezuela ’ s presidential election on sunday , u.s. deputy secretary of state john sullivan told journalists . newline_char the united states is actively considering oil sanctions on venezuela and sullivan said a response to sunday ’ s vote would be discussed at a g20 meeting in buenos aires on monday . story_separator_special_tag main rivals both declare poll , which was boycotted by the opposition , illegitimate due to alleged widespread irregularities venezuelan president nicolás maduro has shrugged off international condemnation and allegations of vote buying and electoral fraud to claim a second six-year term at the helm of his crisis-stricken nation . newline_char addressing crowds of supporters outside the presidential palace in caracas on sunday night , maduro hailed the “ impeccable electoral process ” that had returned him to power with 67.7 % of the vote . story_separator_special_tag anti-government presidential candidate henri falcon addresses supporters in caracas , venezuela , sunday , may 20 , 2018 . newline_char ( associated press ) anti-government presidential candidate henri falcon addresses supporters in caracas , venezuela , sunday , may 20 , 2018 . newline_char falcon said that the presidential election was marred by irregularities and lacks legitimacy . newline_char ( ap photo/fernando llano ) ( associated press ) caracas , venezuela ( ap ) — venezuelan officials declared socialist leader nicolas maduro the easy winner of sunday 's presidential election , while his leading challenger questioned the legitimacy of a vote marred by irregularities and called for a new ballot to prevent a brewing social crisis from exploding . story_separator_special_tag venezuela ’ s election board , run by maduro loyalists , said he took 5.8 million votes , versus 1.8 million for his closest challenger henri falcon , a former governor who broke with an opposition boycott to stand .
