| main | the cantor jobs offensive » in a new vanity fair article , blackwater ceo erik prince fashions himself as a swashbuckling wild bill donovan recruited by the cia to pull off the toughest , most clandestine operations . newline_char prince offers details on the targeted assassination program that cia director leon panetta terminated earlier this year . newline_char according to prince , the blackwater team traveled to germany , surveilled al qaeda financier mamoun darkazanli , and prepared to assassinate him . newline_char what prince describes is a serious violation of nato intelligence sharing arrangements -- and certainly provides an example of why the cia 's association with blackwater became so controversial within the agency . newline_char as recently as two months ago , prince and a team were overseeing intelligence missions in one of the axis of evil countries -- iran , probably -- from a location inside the united states . story_separator_special_tag in washington , prince has become a scapegoat for some of the bush administration ’ s misadventures in iraq—though blackwater ’ s own deeds have also come in for withering criticism . newline_char congressmen and lawyers , human-rights groups and pundits , have described prince as a war profiteer , one who has assembled a rogue fighting force capable of toppling governments . newline_char and in november , as a north carolina grand jury was considering a raft of charges against the company , as a half-dozen civil suits were brewing in virginia , and as five former blackwater staffers were preparing for trial for their roles in the deaths of 17 iraqis , the new york times reported in a page-one story that prince ’ s firm , in the aftermath of the tragedy , had sought to bribe iraqi officials for their compliance , charges which prince calls “ lies … undocumented , unsubstantiated [ and ] anonymous. newline_char ) but prince , with a new administration in power , and foes closing in , is finally coming in from the cold .
