iladelphia ( cbs ) — a $ 69,000 reward is being offered for anyone with information leading to an arrest in connection to the vandalism of hundreds of gravestones at a jewish cemetery in northeast philadelphia . newline_char authorities said the damage was reported just after 9:30 a.m. sunday at mount carmel cemetery in the wissinoming section of the city . newline_char mayor jim kenney released the following statement on the vandalism of philadelphia ’ s mount carmel jewish cemetery . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag timothy mcintyre and another philadelphia police officer look over tombstones that were vandalized in the jewish mount carmel cemetary sunday , feb. newline_char timothy mcintyre and another philadelphia police officer look over tombstones that were vandalized in the jewish mount carmel cemetary sunday , feb. newline_char timothy mcintyre and another philadelphia police officer look over tombstones that were vandalized in the jewish mount carmel cemetary sunday , feb. newline_char timothy mcintyre and another philadelphia police officer look over tombstones that were vandalized in the jewish mount carmel cemetary sunday , feb. newline_char . ( associated press ) philadelphia ( ap ) — more than 100 headstones have been vandalized at a jewish cemetery in philadelphia , damage discovered less than a week after similar vandalism in missouri , authorities said . newline_char a man visiting the cemetery called police at 9:40 a.m. sunday to report that three of his relatives ' headstones had been knocked over and damaged . newline_char " the cemetery was inspected and approximately 100 additional headstones were found to be knocked over , " apparently sometime after dark saturday , a police spokeswoman said in a statement . newline_char police said sunday evening that the anti-defamation league , due to support from the mizel family foundation , is offering a $ 10,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those responsible .
