e information was posted during an extraordinary hearing in which supreme court nominee brett kavanaugh and christine blasey ford testified in front of the senate judiciary committee . newline_char | john shinkle/politico ex-democratic staffer charged with posting senators ’ private info a man accused of " doxing " several gop senators was caught on tuesday night inside the office of sen. newline_char cosko , 27 , for posting addresses and private information of senators , according to the police department . newline_char ) staffer , cosko made an unauthorized entry into her capitol hill office on tuesday evening which led to his arrest , the person familiar with the matter said . newline_char the department reported that it arrested cosko for allegedly posting “ private , identifying information ( doxing ) about one or more united states senators to the internet. story_separator_special_tag u.s. capitol police announced late wednesday that a former junior senate democratic staffer has been arrested for allegedly posting private information about republican senators on the wikipedia internet website . newline_char cosko , 27 , of the district , faces five federal counts including making public restricted personal information , making threats in interstate communications , identity theft , witness tampering and unauthorized access of a government computer , police said . newline_char a brief police statement did not give details , but a u.s. official said the arrest was tied to the investigation into the posting of personal information about republican senators on the wikipedia site as they held a hearing sept. newline_char ” the information posted purportedly included phone numbers and home addresses for three republican members of the senate judiciary committee at the hearing : sen. story_separator_special_tag lindsey graham , mike lee and orrin hatch were posted by an unknown person located in the house of representatives on thursday during the hearing of supreme court nominee judge brett kavanaugh .
