deo released by rosemont police friday depicts kenneka jenkins staggering alone through a deserted hotel kitchen and disappearing around a corner — the last time she 's seen alive . newline_char video released by rosemont police friday depicts kenneka jenkins staggering alone through a deserted hotel kitchen and disappearing around a corner — the last time she 's seen alive . newline_char , who represent jenkins ' family , said at a news conference friday afternoon that they will conduct their own investigation and perhaps seek a second autopsy . newline_char , who represent jenkins ' family , said at a news conference friday afternoon that they will conduct their own investigation and perhaps seek a second autopsy . newline_char " on friday afternoon , the village released six video clips from the early morning of sept. newline_char " on friday afternoon , the village released six video clips from the early morning of sept. newline_char the first two videos , from early saturday , show jenkins , her gait steady , walking with three others through a public part of the hotel . newline_char the first two videos , from early saturday , show jenkins , her gait steady , walking with three others through a public part of the hotel . story_separator_special_tag video released by rosemont police friday depicts kenneka jenkins staggering alone through a deserted hotel kitchen and disappearing around a corner — the last time she 's seen alive . newline_char video released by rosemont police friday depicts kenneka jenkins staggering alone through a deserted hotel kitchen and disappearing around a corner — the last time she 's seen alive . newline_char , who represent jenkins ' family , said at a news conference friday afternoon that they will conduct their own investigation and perhaps seek a second autopsy . newline_char , who represent jenkins ' family , said at a news conference friday afternoon that they will conduct their own investigation and perhaps seek a second autopsy . newline_char " on friday afternoon , the village released six video clips from the early morning of sept. newline_char " on friday afternoon , the village released six video clips from the early morning of sept. newline_char the first two videos , from early saturday , show jenkins , her gait steady , walking with three others through a public part of the hotel . newline_char the first two videos , from early saturday , show jenkins , her gait steady , walking with three others through a public part of the hotel . story_separator_special_tag videos catch glimpses of kenneka jenkins ’ final hours at crowne plaza she arrived at the hotel to party with her friends . newline_char those were among the images of 19-year-old kenneka jenkins captured on surveillance video at the crowne plaza hotel , where she was found dead in a walk-in freezer last weekend . newline_char one video shows her walking alone in the hotel kitchen around 3:30 a.m. saturday but does not directly show her walking into the freezer where she was found dead . story_separator_special_tag 
