tablishment , is recalling approximately 6,937,195 pounds of various raw , non-intact beef products that may be contaminated with salmonella newport , the u.s. department of agriculture ’ s food safety and inspection service ( fsis ) announced today . newline_char on september 5 , 2018 , fsis was notified of an investigation of salmonella newport illnesses with reported consumption of several different fsis-regulated products by case-patients . newline_char the first store receipt potentially linking the purchase of fsis-regulated product to a case-patient was received on september 19 , 2018 ; fsis was then able to begin traceback of ground beef products . newline_char fsis , the centers for disease control and prevention ( cdc ) , and state public health and agriculture partners have now determined that raw ground beef was the probable source of the reported illnesses . newline_char the epidemiological investigation has identified 57 case-patients from 16 states with illness onset dates ranging from august 5 to september 6 , 2018 . newline_char fsis advises all consumers to safely prepare their raw meat products , including fresh and frozen , and only consume ground beef that has been cooked to a temperature of 160°f . story_separator_special_tag story highlights 57 cases of salmonella illness linked to this outbreak were reported in 16 states fourteen patients have been hospitalized ( cnn ) arizona-based meat producer jbs tolleson inc. newline_char is recalling 6,500,966 pounds of " various raw , non-intact beef products " due to an outbreak of salmonella , the us department of agriculture 's food safety and inspection service announced thursday . newline_char the recall was issued after health officials identified jbs as the common supplier of raw ground beef products found to be the " probable source " of reported salmonella illnesses . newline_char fifty-seven cases of salmonella illness linked to this outbreak were reported in 16 states between august 5 and september 6 . story_separator_special_tag 
