 2016 an estimated 216 million cases of malaria occurred worldwide and 445,000 people died , mostly children in the african region . newline_char the vast majority of cases in the united states are in travelers and immigrants returning from countries where malaria transmission occurs , many from sub-saharan africa and south asia . story_separator_special_tag we report that during a recent period of hybridization between two major african malaria mosquitoes , anopheles gambiae and anopheles coluzzii , an island of divergence on chromosome 2 introgressed from the a. newline_char these observations suggest that increased insecticide exposure acted as a selective force sufficient to drive introgression of an entire genomic island of divergence across the reproductive barrier separating these two species . newline_char differing levels of insecticide resistance between two african malaria vectors , anopheles coluzzii and anopheles gambiae , have been attributed to assortative mating between the two species . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag " it 's 'super ' with respect to its ability to survive exposure to the insecticides on treated bed nets , " said medical entomologist gregory lanzaro of uc davis , who led the research team . newline_char " what we provide in this new paper is an example of one unusual mechanism that has promoted the rapid evolution of insecticide resistance in one of the major malaria mosquito species . newline_char " anopheles gambiae , a major malaria vector , is interbreeding with isolated pockets of another malaria mosquito , a. newline_char interbreeding of two malaria mosquito species in the west african country of mali has resulted in a " super mosquito " hybrid that 's resistant to insecticide-treated bed nets . newline_char interbreeding of two malaria mosquito species in the west african country of mali has resulted in a " super mosquito " hybrid that 's resistant to insecticide-treated bed nets .
