oto : charles dharapak in response to edward snowden ’ s leaks , the government has tried to calm americans by declaring that when it comes to online communications , “ only non-u.s. persons outside the u.s. are targeted. newline_char the nsa is sifting through most e-mail and text communications in and out of the country , and their search isn ’ t limited to americans who deal directly with foreign targets . newline_char the times reports that the nsa conducts surveillance on communications that cross the border by temporarily copying the data , then having a computer search for keywords that flag content for humans to examine . newline_char the official wouldn ’ t comment on how much data is processed , but computer scientists said that due to the way the messages are transmitted , the government would have to collect and reconstruct nearly all information crossing the border to make sense of it . story_separator_special_tag government officials contended that the law authorized surveillance of foreign nationals outside the united states—not of americans—and that it included robust safeguards to protect americans ' privacy . story_separator_special_tag washington — the national security agency is searching the contents of vast amounts of americans ’ e-mail and text communications into and out of the country , hunting for people who mention information about foreigners under surveillance , according to intelligence officials . newline_char while it has long been known that the agency conducts extensive computer searches of data it vacuums up overseas , that it is systematically searching — without warrants — through the contents of americans ’ communications that cross the border reveals more about the scale of its secret operations . newline_char government officials say the cross-border surveillance was authorized by a 2008 law , the fisa amendments act , in which congress approved eavesdropping on domestic soil without warrants as long as the “ target ” was a noncitizen abroad .
