rdell listened as the family of jody hutchinson , carrie nelson , and heather aldrich spoke at his sentencing asking for the maximum sentence . newline_char " how much compassion did you have when you murdered carrie heather and jody ? newline_char cordell pleaded guilty to two counts of murder in the first degree and one count of felony murder last week and was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole . newline_char the bodies of hutchinson , nelson and aldrich were discovered in a burned car in doyle township in april . newline_char the second suspect kenneth brunke pleaded guilty in october to obstruction of justice and lying to a police officer in exchange for his testimony against cordell and the late marietta carlson who died of natural causes while in custody . newline_char " i did n't do this to hurt their family ; no way ever will i ask for forgiveness , " said cordell . story_separator_special_tag and a young , inexperienced prosecutor would face allegations that he mishandled the case after he cut a plea deal with one of the remaining defendants , a move that outraged the  newline_char the long , gravel road in the woods near the hiawatha national forest in michigan 's upper peninsula was muddy with an april thaw , causing deep ruts . newline_char the long , gravel road in the woods near the hiawatha national forest in michigan 's upper peninsula was muddy with an april thaw , causing deep ruts . story_separator_special_tag and a young , inexperienced prosecutor would face allegations that he mishandled the case after he cut a plea deal with one of the remaining defendants , a move that outraged the  newline_char the long , gravel road in the woods near the hiawatha national forest in michigan 's upper peninsula was muddy with an april thaw , causing deep ruts . newline_char the long , gravel road in the woods near the hiawatha national forest in michigan 's upper peninsula was muddy with an april thaw , causing deep ruts . newline_char and a young , inexperienced prosecutor would face allegations that he mishandled the case after he cut a plea deal with one of the remaining defendants , a move that outraged the victims ' families .
