was there when they killed the cd drive in the macbook air and the 30-pin connector in the iphone 5 . newline_char i was there when they killed the cd drive in the macbook air and the 30-pin connector in the iphone 5 . newline_char and i 've never heard anything as ridiculous emanate from that stage as i did wednesday , when marketing chief phil schiller explained why the iphone 7 would not have a standard 3.5mm aux cable input , better known as the headphone jack . newline_char and i 've never heard anything as ridiculous emanate from that stage as i did wednesday , when marketing chief phil schiller explained why the iphone 7 would not have a standard 3.5mm aux cable input , better known as the headphone jack . newline_char see also : apple unveils iphone 7 and 7 plus without headphone jack " it comes down to one word , " schiller said . newline_char see also : apple unveils iphone 7 and 7 plus without headphone jack " it comes down to one word , " schiller said . newline_char given the amount of $ 9 aux-to-lightning cable dongles apple is likely to sell , you could use " greed . newline_char music does not sound better over a lightning cable . newline_char music does not sound better over a lightning cable . newline_char nor does it sound better over bluetooth , or the proprietary wireless technology apple is using in its airpods . newline_char nor does it sound better over bluetooth , or the proprietary wireless technology apple is using in its airpods . newline_char say it with me now : wired almost always sounds better than wireless . newline_char say it with me now : wired almost always sounds better than wireless . story_separator_special_tag i was there when they killed the cd drive in the macbook air and the 30-pin connector in the iphone 5 . newline_char i was there when they killed the cd drive in the macbook air and the 30-pin connector in the iphone 5 . newline_char and i 've never heard anything as ridiculous emanate from that stage as i did wednesday , when marketing chief phil schiller explained why the iphone 7 would not have a standard 3.5mm aux cable input , better known as the headphone jack . newline_char and i 've never heard anything as ridiculous emanate from that stage as i did wednesday , when marketing chief phil schiller explained why the iphone 7 would not have a standard 3.5mm aux cable input , better known as the headphone jack . newline_char see also : apple unveils iphone 7 and 7 plus without headphone jack " it comes down to one word , " schiller said . newline_char see also : apple unveils iphone 7 and 7 plus without headphone jack " it comes down to one word , " schiller said . newline_char given the amount of $ 9 aux-to-lightning cable dongles apple is likely to sell , you could use " greed . newline_char music does not sound better over a lightning cable . newline_char music does not sound better over a lightning cable . newline_char nor does it sound better over bluetooth , or the proprietary wireless technology apple is using in its airpods . newline_char nor does it sound better over bluetooth , or the proprietary wireless technology apple is using in its airpods . newline_char say it with me now : wired almost always sounds better than wireless . newline_char say it with me now : wired almost always sounds better than wireless .
