lawyer for a woman who says bill cosby sexually abused her when she was 15 stated in a recent court filing that he has interviewed two witnesses who corroborate her story . newline_char read more three bill cosby accusers detail sexual assault at gloria allred press conference cosby 's attorney martin singer is seeking to dismiss the suit and has called it an extortion attempt . newline_char attorney marc strecker wrote in a sworn declaration filed in los angeles superior court on friday that he has reviewed photographs of his client , judy huth , with cosby at the playboy mansion in the mid-1970s , the place and time she says the abuse happened . newline_char attorney marc strecker wrote in a sworn declaration filed in los angeles superior court on friday that he has reviewed photographs of his client , judy huth , with cosby at the playboy mansion in the mid-1970s , the place and time she says the abuse happened . story_separator_special_tag the sexual assault allegedly happened within california ’ s statute of limitations for filing criminal charges a new sexual assault claim against bill cosby has surfaced from a woman who said she was drugged at the playboy mansion and woke to find the comedian licking and kissing her toes . story_separator_special_tag a lawyer for a woman who says bill cosby sexually abused her when she was 15 stated in a recent court filing that he has interviewed two witnesses who corroborate her story . newline_char ( associated press ) los angeles ( ap ) — a lawyer for a woman who says bill cosby sexually abused her when she was 15 stated in a recent court filing that he has interviewed two witnesses who corroborate her story . newline_char attorney marc strecker wrote in a sworn declaration filed in los angeles superior court on friday that he has reviewed photographs of his client , judy huth , with cosby at the playboy mansion in the mid-1970s , the place and time she says the abuse happened . newline_char attorney marc strecker wrote in a sworn declaration filed in los angeles superior court on friday that he has reviewed photographs of his client , judy huth , with cosby at the playboy mansion in the mid-1970s , the place and time she says the abuse happened . story_separator_special_tag the los angeles police department has opened an inquiry into allegations that the star drugged and raped judy huth at the playboy mansion in 1974 when she was aged just 15 , but that had appeared to be covered by the statue .
