 fact , eye damage occurred in nearly 20 percent of contact lens-related eye infections reported to the u.s. food and drug administration over 10 years , researchers say . newline_char " improper wear and care of contact lenses can cause eye infections that sometimes lead to serious , long-term damage , " michael beach , who directs the healthy water program at the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention , said in an agency news release . newline_char " in the study , cdc researchers analyzed nearly 1,100 cases of eye infections related to use of contact lens that were reported to the fda between 2005 and 2015 . story_separator_special_tag contact lens wearers must be vigilant in taking proper care of their lenses in order to prevent infections , the cdc warns in a new report . newline_char in fact , the cdc reports that nearly one in five lens-related eye infections reported to a federal database involved a patient who experienced eye damage . newline_char “ however , improper wear and care of contact lenses can cause eye infections that sometimes lead to serious , long-term damage. newline_char “ however , improper wear and care of contact lenses can cause eye infections that sometimes lead to serious , long-term damage. story_separator_special_tag the infections , submitted to the u.s. food and drug administration ’ s ( fda ) medical device report database , included patients who had a scarred cornea , needed a corneal transplant , or otherwise suffered a reduction in vision . newline_char these contact lens-related eye infections can lead to long-lasting eye damage but are often preventable . newline_char “ however , improper wear and care of contact lenses can cause eye infections that sometimes lead to serious , long-term damage. newline_char “ however , improper wear and care of contact lenses can cause eye infections that sometimes lead to serious , long-term damage. newline_char ” contact lens manufacturers , eye care providers , and patients can report adverse events related to contact lens use to the fda , which regulates contact lenses as medical devices .
