p eyes gains as voters in 11 states pick governors enlarge this image toggle caption jim cole/ap jim cole/ap voters in 11 states will pick their governors tonight , and republicans appear on track to increase their numbers by at least one , with the potential to extend their hold to more than two-thirds of the nation 's top state offices . newline_char " no matter who wins the presidency , national politics is going to be stalemated on the affordable care act , " says kousser , of the university of california , san diego . newline_char while those state races remain too close to call , republicans are expected to wrest the north carolina governorship from democratic control , and to easily win gop-held seats in utah , north dakota and indiana . newline_char while those state races remain too close to call , republicans are expected to wrest the north carolina governorship from democratic control , and to easily win gop-held seats in utah , north dakota and indiana . newline_char holding sway on health care while the occupant of the governor 's office is historically far less important than the party that controls the state legislature , top state officials in coming years are expected to wield significant influence in at least one major area . story_separator_special_tag gop eyes gains as voters in 11 states pick governors jim cole / ap i jim cole / ap voters in 11 states will pick their governors tonight , and republicans appear on track to increase their numbers by at least one , and with the potential to extend their hold to more than two-thirds of the nation 's top state offices . newline_char while those state races remain too close to call , republicans are expected to wrest the north carolina governorship from democratic control , and to easily win gop-held seats in utah , north dakota and indiana . newline_char while those state races remain too close to call , republicans are expected to wrest the north carolina governorship from democratic control , and to easily win gop-held seats in utah , north dakota and indiana . newline_char holding sway on health care while the occupant of the governor 's office is historically far less important than the party that controls the state legislature , top state officials in coming years are expected to wield significant influence in at least one major area . newline_char " no matter who wins the presidency , national politics is going to be stalemated on the affordable care act , " says kousser , of the university of california-berkeley .
