chaela myers said she was first groped by her supervisor after a crew pizza party last summer , shortly after starting a new job as a firefighter with the u.s. forest service . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag photo washington — the head of the united states forest service stepped down wednesday amid an investigation into sexual harassment accusations against him , a spokesman for the agriculture department said . newline_char the resignation of the agency ’ s chief , tony tooke , comes days after “ pbs newshour ” reported that the agriculture department was investigating sexual misconduct complaints against him , including that mr. newline_char tooke said in an email to his employees that he had been cooperating with the investigation but wanted to “ make way for a new leader. story_separator_special_tag the u.s. forest service has confirmed that the united states department of agriculture , its parent agency , has “ engaged an independent investigator ” to look into complaints against chief tony tooke . newline_char in the course of reporting its investigation , the pbs newshour discovered allegations of sexual misconduct against tooke , specifically relationships with his subordinates , before he became chief . newline_char ” in an email to employees responding to the newshour ’ s original report , a spokesman from tooke ’ s office said : “  story_separator_special_tag the chief of the u.s. forest service is stepping down amid allegations of sexual misconduct and an investigation commissioned by the united states department of agriculture into his own behavior . newline_char “ i have decided that what is needed right now is for me to step down as forest service chief and make way for a new leader that can ensure future success for all employees and the agency. newline_char ” the news comes days after a pbs newshour investigation revealed a widespread culture of sexual harassment and assault within the agency , and retaliation against those who reported it .
