photo : screengrab of facebook video ) the woman whose dance moves stole the hearts of so many on social media has lost her battle to cancer . newline_char ana- alecia ayala died wednesday afternoon while at the hospital after her year-long battle with uterine sarcoma . newline_char ayala , who is a mother of a 3-year-old , told kvue she and her husband were trying for another baby before they found out about her diagnosis . newline_char " ayala said as she continues her treatments , she hopes to inspire others to " not look at cancer as a death sentence and try to make the most of bad situations . newline_char " ayala said as she continues her treatments , she hopes to inspire others to " not look at cancer as a death sentence and try to make the most of bad situations . newline_char " " i also want to encourage cancer patients loved ones to step out of their comfort zones ( as danielle did for me ) and be silly , have a dance party , be present in the moment and have a great time , " she said . newline_char " " i also want to encourage cancer patients loved ones to step out of their comfort zones ( as danielle did for me ) and be silly , have a dance party , be present in the moment and have a great time , " she said . story_separator_special_tag ( photo : screengrab of facebook video ) dallas , texas - " who says cancer and chemo have to get you down ? newline_char " that 's a question ana-alecia ayala asked and answered by having a dance party in her hospital room . newline_char ayala , who is a mother of a 3-year-old , told kvue she and her husband were trying for another baby before they found out about her diagnosis . newline_char " ayala said as she continues her treatments , she hopes to inspire others to " not look at cancer as a death sentence and try to make the most of bad situations . newline_char " ayala said as she continues her treatments , she hopes to inspire others to " not look at cancer as a death sentence and try to make the most of bad situations . newline_char " " i also want to encourage cancer patients loved ones to step out of their comfort zones ( as danielle did for me ) and be silly , have a dance party , be present in the moment and have a great time , " she said . newline_char " " i also want to encourage cancer patients loved ones to step out of their comfort zones ( as danielle did for me ) and be silly , have a dance party , be present in the moment and have a great time , " she said .
