shooting in the french city of strasbourg killed at least two people ... newline_char a shooting in the french city of strasbourg killed at least two people ... newline_char ( associated press ) basket ball supporters wait to leave after a match at the rhenus sport stadium in strasbourg , eastern france , tuesday dec.11 , 2018 . newline_char ( associated press ) basket ball supporters wait to leave after a match at the rhenus sport stadium in strasbourg , eastern france , tuesday dec.11 , 2018 . newline_char a shooting in the french city of strasbourg killed at least two people and wounded more than others , officials said , sparking a broad lockdown and major security operation ... newline_char a shooting in the french city of strasbourg killed at least two people and wounded more than others , officials said , sparking a broad lockdown and major security operation ... newline_char ( associated press ) paris ( ap ) — a shooting in the french city of strasbourg killed four people and wounded 11 others near a world-famous christmas market tuesday , sparking a broad lockdown and a search for the suspected gunman , who remained at large . newline_char ( associated press ) paris ( ap ) — a shooting in the french city of strasbourg killed four people and wounded 11 others near a world-famous christmas market tuesday , sparking a broad lockdown and a search for the suspected gunman , who remained at large . newline_char one official , stephane morisse of union fgp , told the associated press the alleged shooter was wounded by soldiers guarding the market . newline_char one official , stephane morisse of union fgp , told the associated press the alleged shooter was wounded by soldiers guarding the market . story_separator_special_tag a shooting in the french city of strasbourg killed at least two people ... newline_char a shooting in the french city of strasbourg killed at least two people ... newline_char ( associated press ) basket ball supporters wait to leave after a match at the rhenus sport stadium in strasbourg , eastern france , tuesday dec.11 , 2018 . newline_char ( associated press ) basket ball supporters wait to leave after a match at the rhenus sport stadium in strasbourg , eastern france , tuesday dec.11 , 2018 . newline_char a shooting in the french city of strasbourg killed at least two people and wounded more than others , officials said , sparking a broad lockdown and major security operation ... newline_char a shooting in the french city of strasbourg killed at least two people and wounded more than others , officials said , sparking a broad lockdown and major security operation ... newline_char ( associated press ) paris ( ap ) — a shooting in the french city of strasbourg killed four people and wounded 11 others near a world-famous christmas market tuesday , sparking a broad lockdown and a search for the suspected gunman , who remained at large . newline_char ( associated press ) paris ( ap ) — a shooting in the french city of strasbourg killed four people and wounded 11 others near a world-famous christmas market tuesday , sparking a broad lockdown and a search for the suspected gunman , who remained at large . newline_char one official , stephane morisse of union fgp , told the associated press the alleged shooter was wounded by soldiers guarding the market . newline_char one official , stephane morisse of union fgp , told the associated press the alleged shooter was wounded by soldiers guarding the market .
