 used a lab experiment to investigate the influence of media ( email and voicemail ) and task type ( romantic and utilitarian ) on both the psychophysiological responses of senders and the content of the resulting messages . newline_char message senders had more arousing physiological responses when sending emails than when leaving voicemails . newline_char an interaction exists between media and task such that the content of romantic email messages was more positive than romantic voicemails ; while the opposite was true for utilitarian tasks . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag the research , which has been accepted for publication in the journal computers in human behavior , suggests that , in this digital age , an email can be more effective in expressing romantic feelings than leaving a voicemail message . newline_char using psychophysiological measures from 72 college-age people , dennis and wells found that people who sent romantic emails were more emotionally aroused and used stronger and more thoughtful language than those who left voicemails . newline_char “ when writing romantic emails , senders consciously or subconsciously added more positive content to their messages , perhaps to compensate for the medium ’ s inability to convey vocal tone , ” dennis and wells wrote in the paper , “ to email or not to email : the impact of media on psychophysiological responses and emotional content in utilitarian and romantic communication. newline_char ” previous research suggests that email and text chat are considered poor for communicating emotion . newline_char dennis and wells ’ findings weren ’ t just about pulling heartstrings -- the use of email induced more arousing psychophysiological responses than voicemail , regardless of whether the message was utilitarian or romantic . newline_char “ there ’ s a lot of theory that says email and other text communications don ’ t really work very well , ” dennis added . newline_char senders of utilitarian messages sent less positive emails than voicemails for the same communication task .
