as a feminist biologist , i often questioned why female specimens were n't used to diagnose most species , " case western reserve university ph.d. candidate sydney brannoch , the study 's lead researcher , said in a statement . story_separator_special_tag scientists from the cleveland museum of natural history named the new species to honor ruth bader ginsburg , associate justice of the supreme court of the united states , for her relentless fight for gender equality . newline_char scientists from the cleveland museum of natural history published the first formal study to use female genital structures to delimit a new species of praying mantis in the journal insect systematics & evolution . newline_char credit : rick wherley , cleveland museum of natural history expand caption the female genital structure of ilomantis ginsburgae was analyzed to describe the leaf-dwelling praying mantis as a new species . newline_char credit : rick wherley , cleveland museum of natural history expand caption the female genital structure of ilomantis ginsburgae was analyzed to describe the leaf-dwelling praying mantis as a new species . newline_char scientists from the cleveland museum of natural history pioneered and established the validity of using female specimens in the classification of praying mantises in research published in the journal insect systematics & evolution . newline_char credit : laura dempsey , cleveland museum of natural history expand caption original source “ this species description of ilomantis ginsburgae is novel since it relied heavily on the features of the female genitalia , ” said lead author sydney brannoch , a case western reserve university ph.d. candidate working under the direction of svenson at the museum . newline_char the authors also named the species for ginsburg for her appreciation of the jabot , a decorative neck accessory , which resembles the neck plate of the insect.for the study , the researchers examined 30 praying mantis specimens from three museums .
