ould the campus police at the university of central florida ever need a grenade launcher , one sits waiting in the department ’ s armory . newline_char should the campus police at the university of central florida ever need a grenade launcher , one sits waiting in the department ’ s armory . newline_char a woman who worked for the department but declined to identify herself said that the launcher had been repurposed to shoot flares but that the college no longer possessed it . newline_char a woman who worked for the department but declined to identify herself said that the launcher had been repurposed to shoot flares but that the college no longer possessed it . newline_char campus police departments have used the program to obtain military equipment as mundane as men ’ s trousers ( yale university ) and as serious as a mine-resistant , ambush-protected vehicle ( ohio state university ) . newline_char campus police departments have used the program to obtain military equipment as mundane as men ’ s trousers ( yale university ) and as serious as a mine-resistant , ambush-protected vehicle ( ohio state university ) . newline_char along with the grenade launcher , central florida acquired 23 m-16 assault rifles from the department of defense . newline_char along with the grenade launcher , central florida acquired 23 m-16 assault rifles from the department of defense . newline_char ask participants in the program , and they ’ ll say it provides departments , particularly those with limited budgets like campus police forces , with necessary gear at very little cost ( colleges pay only for shipping ) . newline_char ask participants in the program , and they ’ ll say it provides departments , particularly those with limited budgets like campus police forces , with necessary gear at very little cost ( colleges pay only for shipping ) . story_separator_special_tag should the campus police at the university of central florida ever need a grenade launcher , one sits waiting in the department ’ s armory . newline_char should the campus police at the university of central florida ever need a grenade launcher , one sits waiting in the department ’ s armory . newline_char a woman who worked for the department but declined to identify herself said that the launcher had been repurposed to shoot flares but that the college no longer possessed it . newline_char a woman who worked for the department but declined to identify herself said that the launcher had been repurposed to shoot flares but that the college no longer possessed it . newline_char campus police departments have used the program to obtain military equipment as mundane as men ’ s trousers ( yale university ) and as serious as a mine-resistant , ambush-protected vehicle ( ohio state university ) . newline_char campus police departments have used the program to obtain military equipment as mundane as men ’ s trousers ( yale university ) and as serious as a mine-resistant , ambush-protected vehicle ( ohio state university ) . newline_char along with the grenade launcher , central florida acquired 23 m-16 assault rifles from the department of defense . newline_char along with the grenade launcher , central florida acquired 23 m-16 assault rifles from the department of defense . newline_char ask participants in the program , and they ’ ll say it provides departments , particularly those with limited budgets like campus police forces , with necessary gear at very little cost ( colleges pay only for shipping ) . newline_char ask participants in the program , and they ’ ll say it provides departments , particularly those with limited budgets like campus police forces , with necessary gear at very little cost ( colleges pay only for shipping ) .
