evens parked his jeep in the gravel lot and called ricky gurbst , a cleveland  newline_char modern slot machines develop an unbreakable hold on many players—some of whom wind up losing their jobs , their families , and even , as in the case of scott stevens , their lives . newline_char modern slot machines develop an unbreakable hold on many players—some of whom wind up losing their jobs , their families , and even , as in the case of scott stevens , their lives . newline_char stevens , 52 , left the casino and wrote a five-page letter to stacy . newline_char stevens , 52 , left the casino and wrote a five-page letter to stacy . newline_char a former chief operating officer at louis berkman investment , he gave her careful financial instructions that would enable her to avoid responsibility for his losses and keep her credit intact : she was to deposit the enclosed check for $ 4,000 ; move her funds into a new checking account ; decline to pay the money he owed the bellagio casino in las vegas ; disregard his credit-card debt ( it was in his name alone ) ; file her tax returns ; and sign up for social security survivor benefits . newline_char a former chief operating officer at louis berkman investment , he gave her careful financial instructions that would enable her to avoid responsibility for his losses and keep her credit intact : she was to deposit the enclosed check for $ 4,000 ; move her funds into a new checking account ; decline to pay the money he owed the bellagio casino in las vegas ; disregard his credit-card debt ( it was in his name alone ) ; file her tax returns ; and sign up for social security survivor benefits . newline_char stevens parked his jeep in the gravel lot and called ricky gurbst , a story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag modern slot machines develop an unbreakable hold on many players—some of whom wind up losing their jobs , their families , and even , as in the case of scott stevens , their lives . newline_char modern slot machines develop an unbreakable hold on many players—some of whom wind up losing their jobs , their families , and even , as in the case of scott stevens , their lives . newline_char stevens , 52 , left the casino and wrote a five-page letter to stacy . newline_char stevens , 52 , left the casino and wrote a five-page letter to stacy . newline_char a former chief operating officer at louis berkman investment , he gave her careful financial instructions that would enable her to avoid responsibility for his losses and keep her credit intact : she was to deposit the enclosed check for $ 4,000 ; move her funds into a new checking account ; decline to pay the money he owed the bellagio casino in las vegas ; disregard his credit-card debt ( it was in his name alone ) ; file her tax returns ; and sign up for social security survivor benefits . newline_char a former chief operating officer at louis berkman investment , he gave her careful financial instructions that would enable her to avoid responsibility for his losses and keep her credit intact : she was to deposit the enclosed check for $ 4,000 ; move her funds into a new checking account ; decline to pay the money he owed the bellagio casino in las vegas ; disregard his credit-card debt ( it was in his name alone ) ; file her tax returns ; and sign up for social security survivor benefits . newline_char stevens parked his jeep in the gravel lot and called ricky gurbst , a
