bid=1155968404 " true trump calls for jailing , revoking citizenship of flag-burners laws prohibiting the burning or desecration of the american flag have been struck down by the supreme court . newline_char burning an american flag should be a crime , president-elect donald trump wrote tuesday morning on twitter , perhaps punishable by a forfeiture of u.s. citizenship or a year in jail . newline_char story continued below laws prohibiting the burning or desecration of the flag have been struck down by the supreme court , most recently in 1990 , because they were found to have violated the first amendment of the constitution , which protects freedom of speech . newline_char nobody should be allowed to burn the american flag - if they do , there must be consequences - perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail ! story_separator_special_tag nobody should be allowed to burn the american flag - if they do , there must be consequences - perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail ! story_separator_special_tag ( cnn ) president-elect donald trump proposed on tuesday a penalty -- including possible jail time or loss of citizenship -- for burning the american flag , in spite of two us supreme court rulings that protect the act under the first amendment as a form of free speech . newline_char nobody should be allowed to burn the american flag - if they do , there must be consequences - perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail ! newline_char the supreme court has twice affirmed the right to desecrate the american flag as a form of free speech -- a historically contentious issue -- in cases before the high court in 1989 and 1990 . newline_char it 's not immediately clear what prompted trump 's tweet tuesday morning , though the national discussion of respect for the flag has been restarted in part following a flag burning november 10 on the campus of hampshire college in amherst , massachusetts , as part of a post-election protest . newline_char " in addition to ignoring the supreme court 's clear teaching that flag burning is constitutionally protected speech , mr.
