girl reported missing more than two years ago when she was 15 told police she escaped a home in illinois where she had been held captive and repeatedly sexually assaulted . newline_char members of the madison county tactical response team take a two-year-old child to a waiting ambulance thursday evening , aug. newline_char louis in the southwestern part of the state , raided the house thursday afternoon and took into custody a 24-year-old man and his mother . newline_char they also recovered the teen 's young child , which the girl said was the result of rape by her captor . newline_char washington park police chief david clark said they believe the man 's mother aided the crimes . newline_char louis , missouri , had listed the girl as a missing or runaway juvenile in april 2010 . newline_char police said the teen also told them she was forced by the man and his mother to give a false name in medical records during her pregnancy and when the child was born . newline_char police said the teen also told them she was forced by the man and his mother to give a false name in medical records during her pregnancy and when the child was born . story_separator_special_tag a teenage girl reported missing more than two years ago escaped from a home in southwestern illinois where she said she was held captive and repeatedly sexually assaulted , police said thursday . newline_char she escaped from the home in washington park earlier this week and went to police , saying her child was still in the house . newline_char about two dozen members of a swat team wearing helmets and body armor swarmed the home thursday afternoon with their assault rifles drawn . newline_char washington park police chief david clark said it appears the man 's mother assisted in the crime . newline_char police said the teen also told them she was forced by the man and his mother to give a false name in medical records during her pregnancy and when the child was born . newline_char police said the teen also told them she was forced by the man and his mother to give a false name in medical records during her pregnancy and when the child was born .
