ticle excerpt boston—extremist u.s. newspapers and other publications found in the apartment of boston marathon bombing suspect tamerlan tsarnaev reveal a broad interest in far-flung conspiracy theories , well beyond the islamist radicalism authorities allege motivated the attack . story_separator_special_tag boston marathon bombing suspects tamerlan and dzhokhar tsarnaev befriended a brain-damaged anti-u.s. government conspiracy theorist through their mother 's health care aide job years before the deadly attack , a lawyer said tuesday . newline_char attorney jason rosenberg , who represents the family of donald larking , said larking shared publications with the brothers , especially tamerlan , and discussed theories including that the sept. newline_char the attorney said the tsarnaev family had a relationship with the larkings that started years ago when the brothers ' mother began working as a personal care assistant for larking 's wife , a quadriplegic since birth . newline_char authorities say the tsarnaev brothers orchestrated the april 15 marathon bombing , in which two pressure cookers loaded with shrapnel exploded near the race 's finish line , killing three people and injuring more than 260 others . newline_char rosenberg said tuesday the tsarnaev brothers got to know larking while substituting for their mother sometimes by helping to care for his wife . newline_char the attorney said the brothers " were very helpful , very kind " to the couple and larking shared his views with them as he found anti-u.s. government websites and became angrier and irrational . newline_char rosenberg said tuesday he does n't think larking helped the tsarnaev brothers , ethnic chechens from russia , formulate ideas but may have made them believe others felt as they did . newline_char rosenberg said he does n't know if the tsarnaev brothers understood how seriously larking 's brain was affected from the long-ago shooting . newline_char he said he 's talked to larking since the boston marathon bombing but does n't think his friend comprehends what happened .
