key hawaii lawmaker considering an anti-prostitution bill says he and honolulu police have agreed to get rid of a longtime exemption that allowed officers to have sex with prostitutes . newline_char hawaii 's current anti-prostitution law includes the exemption : " this section shall not apply to any member of a police department , a sheriff , or  newline_char the bill passed the house without a clause that would have made sex with prostitutes illegal for officers after police lobbied to have the language removed , arguing it would inhibit undercover investigations by giving criminals knowledge of what police can and can not do . newline_char the bill passed the house without a clause that would have made sex with prostitutes illegal for officers after police lobbied to have the language removed , arguing it would inhibit undercover investigations by giving criminals knowledge of what police can and can not do . newline_char hee said the version of the bill that moves through his committee friday will remove sexual penetration from the police exemption from prostitution laws , leaving police with the ability to solicit sex in the course of an investigation . newline_char hee said the version of the bill that moves through his committee friday will remove sexual penetration from the police exemption from prostitution laws , leaving police with the ability to solicit sex in the course of an investigation . newline_char hawaii 's current anti-prostitution law includes the exemption : " this section shall not apply to any member of a police department story_separator_special_tag a key hawaii lawmaker considering an anti-prostitution bill says he and honolulu police have agreed to get rid of a longtime exemption that allowed officers to have sex with prostitutes . newline_char honolulu ( ap ) — a key hawaii lawmaker considering an anti-prostitution bill says he and honolulu police have agreed to get rid of a longtime exemption that allowed officers to have sex with prostitutes . newline_char the bill passed the house without a clause that would have made sex with prostitutes illegal for officers after police lobbied to have the language removed , arguing it would inhibit undercover investigations by giving criminals knowledge of what police can and can not do . newline_char the bill passed the house without a clause that would have made sex with prostitutes illegal for officers after police lobbied to have the language removed , arguing it would inhibit undercover investigations by giving criminals knowledge of what police can and can not do . newline_char hee said the version of the bill that moves through his committee friday will remove sexual penetration from the police exemption from prostitution laws , leaving police with the ability to solicit sex in the course of an investigation . newline_char hee said the version of the bill that moves through his committee friday will remove sexual penetration from the police exemption from prostitution laws , leaving police with the ability to solicit sex in the course of an investigation . newline_char hawaii 's current anti-prostitution law includes the exemption : " this section shall not apply to any member of a police department
