ltiple sources tell fox news that susan rice , former national security adviser under then-president barack obama , requested to unmask the names of trump transition officials caught up in surveillance . newline_char the unmasked names , of people associated with donald trump , were then sent to all those at the national security council , some at the defense department , then-director of national intelligence james clapper and then-cia director john brennan – essentially , the officials at the top , including former rice deputy ben rhodes . story_separator_special_tag read more opinion photographer : chip somodevilla/getty images photographer : chip somodevilla/getty images white house lawyers last month learned that the former national security adviser susan rice requested the identities of u.s. persons in raw intelligence reports on dozens of occasions that connect to the donald trump transition and campaign , according to u.s. officials familiar with the matter . story_separator_special_tag the panel on morning joe , tuesday , was understandably befuddled by revelations that former white house national security adviser susan rice requested the unmasking of names of trump transition officials . story_separator_special_tag a massive revelation in the alleged surveillance of president trump ’ s aides broke monday morning when bloomberg reported that “ [ f ] ormer national security adviser susan rice requested the identities of u.s. persons in raw intelligence reports on dozens of occasions that connect to the donald trump transition and campaign. newline_char “ we learned more today about the president 's allegation that he and his aides were caught up in obama-era surveillance , ” cbs evening news anchor scott pelley said , teeing up reporter margaret brennan . story_separator_special_tag on the matter of who “ unmasked ” the names of trump transition officials in u.s. intelligence reports , we now have one answer : susan rice , barack obama ’ s national security adviser .
