rginia senator tim kaine , a leading contender to be democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton 's pick for vice president , waves to the crowd before attending a private fundraiser event in newport , ... newline_char ( associated press ) virginia senator tim kaine , a leading contender to be democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton 's pick for vice president , waves to the crowd before attending a private fundraiser event in newport , ... newline_char ( associated press ) washington ( ap ) — delegates to the democratic national convention gave mostly positive reviews to hillary clinton 's choice for vice president friday , saying he will appeal to moderates but also do little to soothe disenchanted bernie sanders supporters . story_separator_special_tag hillary clinton ’ s unveiling of tim kaine as her vice presidential pick was greeted by mixed reactions from liberal groups on friday night . newline_char while some praised his consistent support of labor and women ’ s rights , several progressive organizations were quick to criticize clinton 's newly minted running mate , urging the democratic ticket to adopt a more “ populist ” stance on trade and financial regulation . newline_char story continued below “ the mood of the country is a populist one , ” said stephanie taylor , co-founder of progressive change campaign committee , in a statement emailed minutes after kaine was announced . story_separator_special_tag the fix 's aaron blake breaks down why democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton chose sen. newline_char ( whitney leaming/the washington post ) the fix 's aaron blake breaks down why democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton chose sen. newline_char ) was unveiled friday as hillary clinton ’ s running mate , liberal groups were teed up to criticize the pick . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag x embed x share as a senator from virginia , tim kaine may be the key to help clinton clinch the swing state . newline_char hillary clinton picked tim kaine for her running-mate .
