marvin joseph/the washington post ) looks like former president barack obama and former first lady michelle obama are putting down deeper roots in washington : after renting a kalorama home for their post-white house stint , the couple have purchased the eight-bedroom , nine-and-a-half-bath home for $ 8.1 million , according to property records . newline_char after leaving the executive mansion in january , the family settled into a rental home owned by bill clinton press secretary joe lockhart and his wife , giovanna gray lockhart , an 8,200-square-foot home that was built in 1921 and renovated in 2011 . newline_char ” 1 of 8 full screen autoplay close skip ad × a look inside the obamas ’ kalorama home view photos the neighborhood also is home to president trump ’ s daughter ivanka and amazon founder jeff bezos . newline_char caption the neighborhood also is home to president trump ’ s daughter ivanka and amazon founder jeff bezos . newline_char former president barack obama and his wife , michelle , are renting the $ 5.9 million residence that features eight bedrooms and nine-and-a-half bathrooms . newline_char obama will be in washington for at least another two and a half years , it made sense for them to buy a home rather than continuing to rent property. newline_char obama will be in washington for at least another two and a half years , it made sense for them to buy a home rather than continuing to rent property. story_separator_special_tag former president barack obama and former first lady michelle obama purchased the kalorama home they ’ ve been renting since they left the white house in january . newline_char obama will be in washington for at least another two and a half years , it made sense for them to buy a home rather than continuing to rent property. newline_char obama will be in washington for at least another two and a half years , it made sense for them to buy a home rather than continuing to rent property. newline_char related video : this is how much it would cost to paint the white house ( and more crazy facts ) the couple bought the 8200-square-foot eight-bedroom , 9½-bath mansion for $ 8.1 million , according to the washington post .
