seph abbey that the way out of financial hardship might be selling the monks ’ handcrafted caskets , the state of louisiana arrived with a different message . newline_char joseph abbey that the way out of financial hardship might be selling the monks ’ handcrafted caskets , the state of louisiana arrived with a different message . newline_char joseph abbot justin brown said in a recent interview in the picturesque abbey , which is located about an hour ’ s drive from new orleans , on the other side of lake pontchartrain . newline_char joseph abbot justin brown said in a recent interview in the picturesque abbey , which is located about an hour ’ s drive from new orleans , on the other side of lake pontchartrain . newline_char now a band of libertarian lawyers is hoping that the honey-colored louisiana cypress coffins provide the vehicle for a supreme court review of government economic regulations . newline_char now a band of libertarian lawyers is hoping that the honey-colored louisiana cypress coffins provide the vehicle for a supreme court review of government economic regulations . newline_char joseph abbey must either give up the casket-selling business or become a licensed funeral establishment , which would require a layout parlor for 30 people , a display area for the coffins , the employment of a licensed funeral director and an embalming room . newline_char ” the louisiana state board of embalmers and funeral directors , which has argued that the law protects consumers , has appealed , and the circuit court in new orleans will hear the case in early june . newline_char ” the louisiana state board of embalmers and funeral directors , which has argued that the law protects consumers , has appealed , and the circuit court in new orleans will hear the case in early june . story_separator_special_tag joseph abbey that the way out of financial hardship might be selling the monks ’ handcrafted caskets , the state of louisiana arrived with a different message . newline_char joseph abbey that the way out of financial hardship might be selling the monks ’ handcrafted caskets , the state of louisiana arrived with a different message . newline_char joseph abbot justin brown said in a recent interview in the picturesque abbey , which is located about an hour ’ s drive from new orleans , on the other side of lake pontchartrain . newline_char joseph abbot justin brown said in a recent interview in the picturesque abbey , which is located about an hour ’ s drive from new orleans , on the other side of lake pontchartrain . newline_char now a band of libertarian lawyers is hoping that the honey-colored louisiana cypress coffins provide the vehicle for a supreme court review of government economic regulations . newline_char now a band of libertarian lawyers is hoping that the honey-colored louisiana cypress coffins provide the vehicle for a supreme court review of government economic regulations . newline_char joseph abbey must either give up the casket-selling business or become a licensed funeral establishment , which would require a layout parlor for 30 people , a display area for the coffins , the employment of a licensed funeral director and an embalming room . newline_char ” the louisiana state board of embalmers and funeral directors , which has argued that the law protects consumers , has appealed , and the circuit court in new orleans will hear the case in early june . newline_char ” the louisiana state board of embalmers and funeral directors , which has argued that the law protects consumers , has appealed , and the circuit court in new orleans will hear the case in early june .
