w it ’ s disrupting itself : on monday , the company announced a partnership with carnegie mellon university to build a robotics research lab in pittsburgh . newline_char until now , google has been uber ’ s tech-industry bff , investing $ 258 million in the ride-hailing app , sharing google maps , and lending a c-suiter to uber ’ s board of directors . story_separator_special_tag posted by craig uber and carnegie mellon university ( cmu ) are announcing today a strategic partnership that includes the creation of the uber advanced technologies center in pittsburgh , near the cmu campus . newline_char this collaboration and the creation of the uber advanced technologies center represent an important investment in building for the long term of uber. newline_char ” the partnership will provide a forum for uber technology leaders to work closely with cmu faculty , staff , and students — both on campus and at the national robotics engineering center ( nrec ) — to do research and development , primarily in the areas of mapping and vehicle safety and autonomy technology . story_separator_special_tag driver-on-demand service uber is building a robotics research lab in pittsburgh , pa to “ kickstart autonomous taxi fleet development , ” sources close to the decision have confirmed to techcrunch . newline_char they say the company has hired talent from carnegie mellon university ’ s robotics institute , including lead engineering and commercialization experts . newline_char sources tell us uber is hiring more than fifty senior scientists from carnegie mellon as well as from the national robotics engineering center , a cmu-affiliated research entity . newline_char carnegie mellon , home of the mars rover and other high-profile robotics projects , declined to comment at this time , as did scientists mentioned by our source . story_separator_special_tag google is preparing to offer its own ride-hailing service , most likely in conjunction with its long-in-development driverless car project .
