ssian foreign minister sergey lavrov , left , and u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson shake hands in the treaty room wednesday . newline_char ( chip somodevilla/getty images ) russian foreign minister sergey lavrov appeared to get irritated with reporters at the state department in washington on wednesday , sarcastically remarking on the firing of fbi director james comey . story_separator_special_tag russian foreign minister sergei lavrov reacts to a reporter 's question after posing for photos with u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson in the treaty room of the state department on may 10 . newline_char you ’ re kidding ' russian foreign minister sergey lavrov sarcastically acted surprised wednesday when asked a question about the firing of fbi director james comey during a visit to washington . story_separator_special_tag as scrutiny intensifies around investigations into the trump campaign ’ s possible ties to russia during the 2016 campaign , president donald trump emphasized his hope for better relations between the u.s. and the kremlin in a meeting with russian foreign minister sergei lavrov on wednesday . story_separator_special_tag close when reporters asked secretary of state rex tillerson and russian foreign minister sergey lavrov about the firing of fbi director james comey , lavrov asked them a question back . newline_char ( photo : ron sachs , getty images ) president trump met with russian foreign minister sergey lavrov at the white house on wednesday , just one day after firing james comey , the fbi director overseeing an investigation into russian interference in the 2016 election . story_separator_special_tag us president donald trump ’ s decision to dismiss fbi director james comey will not affect relations between russia and the united states , that ’ s washington ’ s internal affair , russian presidential spokesman dmitry peskov said when asked how this decision again raising the issue of russia ’ s alleged involvement in the us election , could affect the bilateral ties . story_separator_special_tag 
