e seals are just part of the u.s. military ’ s joint special operations command , known by the acronym jsoc , which has grown from a rarely used hostage rescue team into america ’ s secret army . newline_char the seals are just part of the u.s. military ’ s joint special operations command , known by the acronym jsoc , which has grown from a rarely used hostage rescue team into america ’ s secret army . newline_char when members of this elite force killed osama bin laden in pakistan in may , jsoc leaders celebrated not just the success of the mission but also how few people knew their command , based in fayetteville , n.c. newline_char when members of this elite force killed osama bin laden in pakistan in may , jsoc leaders celebrated not just the success of the mission but also how few people knew their command , based in fayetteville , n.c. newline_char two presidents and three secretaries of defense routinely have asked jsoc to mount intelligence-gathering missions and lethal raids , mostly in iraq and afghanistan , but also in countries with which the united states was not at war , including yemen , pakistan , somalia , the philippines , nigeria and syria . newline_char two presidents and three secretaries of defense routinely have asked jsoc to mount intelligence-gathering missions and lethal raids , mostly in iraq and afghanistan , but also in countries with which the united states was not at war , including yemen , pakistan , somalia , the philippines , nigeria and syria . newline_char “ the cia doesn ’ t have the size or the authority to do some of the things we can do , ” said one jsoc operator . newline_char “ the cia doesn ’ t have the size or the authority to do some of the things we can do , ” said one jsoc operator . story_separator_special_tag the seals are just part of the u.s. military ’ s joint special operations command , known by the acronym jsoc , which has grown from a rarely used hostage rescue team into america ’ s secret army . newline_char the seals are just part of the u.s. military ’ s joint special operations command , known by the acronym jsoc , which has grown from a rarely used hostage rescue team into america ’ s secret army . newline_char when members of this elite force killed osama bin laden in pakistan in may , jsoc leaders celebrated not just the success of the mission but also how few people knew their command , based in fayetteville , n.c. newline_char when members of this elite force killed osama bin laden in pakistan in may , jsoc leaders celebrated not just the success of the mission but also how few people knew their command , based in fayetteville , n.c. newline_char two presidents and three secretaries of defense routinely have asked jsoc to mount intelligence-gathering missions and lethal raids , mostly in iraq and afghanistan , but also in countries with which the united states was not at war , including yemen , pakistan , somalia , the philippines , nigeria and syria . newline_char two presidents and three secretaries of defense routinely have asked jsoc to mount intelligence-gathering missions and lethal raids , mostly in iraq and afghanistan , but also in countries with which the united states was not at war , including yemen , pakistan , somalia , the philippines , nigeria and syria . newline_char “ the cia doesn ’ t have the size or the authority to do some of the things we can do , ” said one jsoc operator . newline_char “ the cia doesn ’ t have the size or the authority to do some of the things we can do , ” said one jsoc operator .
