 journalists played it straight with movie stars , they ’ d call it an interrogation not an interview . newline_char if journalists played it straight with movie stars , they ’ d call it an interrogation not an interview . newline_char after bouncing the star off a wall or two , ignoring the pitiful pleas for a phone call , a lawyer , a mommy , the journalist would shine a light in those pretty , pretty eyes , and start grilling . newline_char after bouncing the star off a wall or two , ignoring the pitiful pleas for a phone call , a lawyer , a mommy , the journalist would shine a light in those pretty , pretty eyes , and start grilling . newline_char encounters between movie stars and the journalists who cover them are edgy , deeply . newline_char encounters between movie stars and the journalists who cover them are edgy , deeply . newline_char there ’ s conversation ( one-sided , but still ) and an attentive waiter and imported mineral water and a salad of wild arugula , locally grown , and it ’ s easy to forget that our interests are at odds and that the relationship is , at heart , antagonistic . newline_char there ’ s conversation ( one-sided , but still ) and an attentive waiter and imported mineral water and a salad of wild arugula , locally grown , and it ’ s easy to forget that our interests are at odds and that the relationship is , at heart , antagonistic . newline_char only i couldn ’ t forget with kate mckinnon , the emmy-winning saturday night live mainstay ( s.n.l . newline_char only i couldn ’ t forget with kate mckinnon , the emmy-winning saturday night live mainstay ( s.n.l . story_separator_special_tag if journalists played it straight with movie stars , they ’ d call it an interrogation not an interview . newline_char if journalists played it straight with movie stars , they ’ d call it an interrogation not an interview . newline_char after bouncing the star off a wall or two , ignoring the pitiful pleas for a phone call , a lawyer , a mommy , the journalist would shine a light in those pretty , pretty eyes , and start grilling . newline_char after bouncing the star off a wall or two , ignoring the pitiful pleas for a phone call , a lawyer , a mommy , the journalist would shine a light in those pretty , pretty eyes , and start grilling . newline_char encounters between movie stars and the journalists who cover them are edgy , deeply . newline_char encounters between movie stars and the journalists who cover them are edgy , deeply . newline_char there ’ s conversation ( one-sided , but still ) and an attentive waiter and imported mineral water and a salad of wild arugula , locally grown , and it ’ s easy to forget that our interests are at odds and that the relationship is , at heart , antagonistic . newline_char there ’ s conversation ( one-sided , but still ) and an attentive waiter and imported mineral water and a salad of wild arugula , locally grown , and it ’ s easy to forget that our interests are at odds and that the relationship is , at heart , antagonistic . newline_char only i couldn ’ t forget with kate mckinnon , the emmy-winning saturday night live mainstay ( s.n.l . newline_char only i couldn ’ t forget with kate mckinnon , the emmy-winning saturday night live mainstay ( s.n.l .
