tory_separator_special_tag pastor marrion p'udongo earned his nickname for saving nearly 100 people from murderous militiamen in 2003 — but that was only one of his many acts of courage . story_separator_special_tag pastor marrion p'udongo has been called the " oskar schindler of congo , " a man who 's helped save and nurture hundreds of lives in a country where war has claimed millions . newline_char pastor marrion p'udongo has been called the " oskar schindler of congo , " a man who 's helped save and nurture hundreds of lives in a country where war has claimed millions . newline_char to the people of northeastern congo , pastor marrion was both a saint and a hero , providing shelter to the hunted and hope to a community withered by violence . newline_char to the people of northeastern congo , pastor marrion was both a saint and a hero , providing shelter to the hunted and hope to a community withered by violence . newline_char over the past decade , the pastor has worked for just about every major news organization in the world . newline_char over the past decade , the pastor has worked for just about every major news organization in the world . story_separator_special_tag although there are more than 1.6 million people displaced , along with frequent fighting between the congolese government and the region 's constellation of armed groups , the conflict often defies a label as straightforward as " war . story_separator_special_tag several weeks ago i wrote about pastor marrion p ’ udongo , my fixer in the democratic republic of congo who ’ d suffered kidney failure . newline_char pastor marrion worked as a fixer with just about every journalist who passed through the region , and spent years guiding photographers through displacement camps , firefights , and into the homes of people who ’ d been raped and assaulted . story_separator_special_tag pastor marrion p'udongo has been called the " oskar schindler of congo , " a man who 's helped save and nurture hundreds of lives in a country where war has claimed millions . newline_char pastor marrion p'udongo has been called the " oskar schindler of congo , " a man who 's helped save and nurture hundreds of lives in a country where war has claimed millions . newline_char to the people of northeastern congo , pastor marrion was both a saint and a hero , providing shelter to the hunted and hope to a community withered by violence . newline_char to the people of northeastern congo , pastor marrion was both a saint and a hero , providing shelter to the hunted and hope to a community withered by violence . newline_char over the past decade , the pastor has worked for just about every major news organization in the world . newline_char over the past decade , the pastor has worked for just about every major news organization in the world .
