though fitch continues to believe that the debt ceiling will be raised soon , the political brinkmanship and reduced financing flexibility could increase the risk of a u.s. default . newline_char key rating drivers in line with fitch 's previous statements , the rwn reflects the following key rating drivers and their relative weights : high - the u.s. authorities have not raised the federal debt ceiling in a timely manner before the treasury exhausts extraordinary measures . newline_char key rating drivers in line with fitch 's previous statements , the rwn reflects the following key rating drivers and their relative weights : high - the u.s. authorities have not raised the federal debt ceiling in a timely manner before the treasury exhausts extraordinary measures . story_separator_special_tag " the prolonged negotiations over raising the debt ceiling ( following the episode in august 2011 ) risks undermining confidence in the role of the u.s. dollar as the preeminent global reserve currency , by casting doubt over the full faith and credit of the u.s. newline_char " the prolonged negotiations over raising the debt ceiling ( following the episode in august 2011 ) risks undermining confidence in the role of the u.s. dollar as the preeminent global reserve currency , by casting doubt over the full faith and credit of the u.s. newline_char key rating drivers in line with fitch 's previous statements , the rwn reflects the following key rating drivers and their relative weights : high - the u.s. authorities have not raised the federal debt ceiling in a timely manner before the treasury exhausts extraordinary measures . newline_char key rating drivers in line with fitch 's previous statements , the rwn reflects the following key rating drivers and their relative weights : high - the u.s. authorities have not raised the federal debt ceiling in a timely manner before the treasury exhausts extraordinary measures . story_separator_special_tag new york ( marketwatch ) -- fitch ratings put its aaa credit rating of the u.s. on negative watch tuesday , citing the prolonged congressional negotiations over a hike to the borrowing limit . newline_char " the prolonged negotiations over raising the debt ceiling ( following the episode in august 2011 ) risks undermining confidence in the role of the u.s.dollar as the preeminent global reserve currency , by casting doubt over the full faith and credit of the u.s , " the agency said in a statement .
