” the rhetoric of quotation is subtle , but in this particular round of political name-checking , francis is the authority brought in to lend credibility to obama ’ s policies . newline_char both were initially media darlings who charted an unlikely path to power , and whose ascension was heralded as ushering in a hopeful new era . newline_char late last year , when president obama reviewed the draft of a speech he was scheduled to give on economic inequality , he sent it back with a request : he wanted his speechwriter to add a quote from pope francis ’ s recent letter to the catholic church . newline_char late last year , when president obama reviewed the draft of a speech he was scheduled to give on economic inequality , he sent it back with a request : he wanted his speechwriter to add a quote from pope francis ’ s recent letter to the catholic church . newline_char at the conclusion of his visit to the vatican in 2009 , obama reportedly said that he looked forward to “ a very strong relationship between our two countries. newline_char at the conclusion of his visit to the vatican in 2009 , obama reportedly said that he looked forward to “ a very strong relationship between our two countries. newline_char their elections were both historic firsts—obama as the first black u.s. president , francis as the first pope from latin america and the first jesuit to occupy the throne of st. newline_char both were initially media darlings who charted an unlikely path to power , story_separator_special_tag late last year , when president obama reviewed the draft of a speech he was scheduled to give on economic inequality , he sent it back with a request : he wanted his speechwriter to add a quote from pope francis ’ s recent letter to the catholic church . newline_char late last year , when president obama reviewed the draft of a speech he was scheduled to give on economic inequality , he sent it back with a request : he wanted his speechwriter to add a quote from pope francis ’ s recent letter to the catholic church . newline_char ’ ” story continued below the rhetoric of quotation is subtle , but in this particular round of political name-checking , francis is the authority brought in to lend credibility to obama ’ s policies . newline_char at the conclusion of his visit to the vatican in 2009 , obama reportedly said that he looked forward to “ a very strong relationship between our two countries. newline_char at the conclusion of his visit to the vatican in 2009 , obama reportedly said that he looked forward to “ a very strong relationship between our two countries. newline_char their elections were both historic firsts—obama as the first black u.s. president , francis as the first pope from latin america and the first jesuit to occupy the throne of st. newline_char both were initially media darlings who charted an unlikely path to power ,
