tory_separator_special_tag body parts found sean kilpatrick/the canadian press a police officer removes a package containg a human foot from the conservative party headquarters in ottawa on tuesday . newline_char luka magnotta the canadian press police have named magnotta a suspect in the shocking case where dismembered body parts were mailed to ottawa , including the headquarters of the governing conservative party . newline_char police have named magnotta a suspect in the shocking case where dismembered body parts were mailed to ottawa , including the headquarters of the governing conservative party . newline_char police have named magnotta a suspect in the shocking case where dismembered body parts were mailed to ottawa , including the headquarters of the governing conservative party . newline_char luka magnotta submitted image police have named magnotta a suspect in the shocking case where dismembered body parts were mailed to ottawa , including the headquarters of the governing conservative party . story_separator_special_tag ( the canadian press/ho-www.luka-magnotta.com ) view larger image luka rocco magnotta , 29 , is seen is this photograph provided by police in montreal . newline_char magnotta is wanted in the shocking case of a dismembered body whose parts were mailed to different places including the headquarters of the conservative party of canada . newline_char magnotta is wanted in the shocking case of a dismembered body whose parts were mailed to different places including the headquarters of the conservative party of canada . newline_char ( the canadian press/ho-www.luka-magnotta.com ) view larger image police investigate after a severed human torso was found in montreal on tuesday , may 29 , 2012 . story_separator_special_tag montreal police say luka rocco magnotta is wanted in a homicide investigation in connection to the delivery of a human foot to the conservative party of canada headquarters in ottawa , and body parts discovered in both cities .
