le - in this july 12 , 2017 file photo , a u.s. customs and border protection facial recognition device is ready to scan another passenger at a united airlines gate at george bush intercontinental airport , ... newline_char ( associated press ) file - in this july 12 , 2017 file photo , a u.s. customs and border protection facial recognition device is ready to scan another passenger at a united airlines gate at george bush intercontinental airport , in houston . newline_char ( associated press ) file - in this july 12 , 2017 file photo , a u.s. customs and border protection facial recognition device is ready to scan another passenger at a united airlines gate at george bush intercontinental airport , in houston . newline_char ( associated press ) file - in this july 12 , 2017 file photo , a u.s. customs and border protection facial recognition device is ready to scan another passenger at a united airlines gate at george bush intercontinental airport , ... newline_char u.s. citizens at the orlando airport will be able to opt out just like at the other airports if they do n't want to provide their photograph , jennifer gabris , a spokeswoman for the u.s. customs and border protection said in an email . newline_char airports in atlanta , boston , chicago , houston , las vegas , miami , new york and washington already use face scans for some departing international flights , but they do n't involve all international travelers at the airports like the program 's expansion in orlando would . story_separator_special_tag airports in atlanta , boston , chicago , houston , las vegas , miami , new york and washington already use face scans for some departing international flights , but they do n't involve all international travelers at the airports like the program 's expansion in orlando would . newline_char u.s. citizens at the orlando airport -- which had about 6 million international passengers in the past year -- will be able to opt out just like at the other airports if they do n't want to provide their photograph , jennifer gabris , a spokeswoman for the u.s. customs and border protection said in an email .
