huge question for democrats is , " what does hillary clinton do ? newline_char kirsten gillibrand of new york would be a formidable figure if clinton does n't run . story_separator_special_tag justin tallis/agence france-presse — getty images london — there was a moment between the dawning realization that barack obama had won and the networks calling the election when a sudden flurry of online postings started speculating about election 2016 . newline_char bush , the former florida governor , as a shoo-in for the republican nomination in four years ’ time . newline_char , noting enthusiasm for an all-woman democratic ticket of hillary rodham clinton and elizabeth warren next time around . newline_char give yourselves time to recover from what seemed the longest and certainly was the most expensive campaign in u.s. political history before starting on the next one . story_separator_special_tag even though the 2012 election was just decided , it 's never too early to start looking ahead to the next presidential election . newline_char [ gallery : 100 years in presidential races ] democrats vice president joe biden : the vice president sent journalists atwitter on tuesday when he said he 'd likely have the opportunity to cast a vote for himself again in the future . newline_char biden , a 30-plus-year senate veteran who now has experience as the white house no . newline_char secretary of state hillary clinton : clinton is a unique american political figure , having successfully transitioned from an at-times unpopular first lady to new york senator to widely popular secretary of state . story_separator_special_tag hillary clinton hillary rodham clintonassange meets u.s. congressman , vows to prove russia did not leak him documents high-ranking fbi official leaves russia probe opinion | steve bannon is trump 's indispensable man — do n't sacrifice him to the critics more is likely still celebrating the reelection of president obama , but on twitter her fans are plotting her election in 2016 . newline_char clinton , who unsuccessfully ran against obama for the 2008 democratic
