tory_separator_special_tag the u.s. food and drug administration announced this week that medical device company abbott has issued a corrective action for implantable cardiac pacemakers made under the st. newline_char ” to address this heart-hacking vulnerability , abbott is issuing a firmware update to the pacemakers . newline_char ” to that end , there are no known reports of patient harm related to the cybersecurity vulnerabilities in the 465,000 radio-frequency-enabled implanted abbott devices impacted in the u.s. newline_char included in the update : • accent • anthem • accent mri • accent st • assurity • allure not included : any implantable cardiac defibrillators ( icds ) or cardiac resynchronization icds ( crt-ds ) going forward , any pacemaker manufactured as of aug. story_separator_special_tag jude medical implantable cardiac pacemaker cardiologists , electrophysiologists , cardiothoracic surgeons , and primary care physicians treating patients with heart failure or heart rhythm problems using an rf-enabled st. newline_char jude medical implantable cardiac pacemaker medical specialties cardiac electrophysiology , cardiology , cardiothoracic surgery , heart failure devices abbott 's ( formerly st. newline_char jude medical 's ) implantable cardiac pacemakers , including cardiac resynchronization therapy pacemaker ( crt-p ) devices , provide pacing for slow or irregular heart rhythms . newline_char a patient may need an implantable cardiac pacemaker if their heartbeat is too slow ( bradycardia ) or needs resynchronization to treat heart failure . newline_char jude medical pacemaker and crt-p devices : accent anthem accent mri accent st assurity allure this communication does not apply to any implantable cardiac defibrillators ( icds ) or to cardiac resynchronization icds ( crt-ds ) . newline_char purpose on august 23 , 2017 , the fda approved a firmware update that is now available and is intended as a recall , specifically a corrective action , to reduce the risk of patient harm due to potential exploitation of cybersecurity vulnerabilities for certain abbott ( formerly st.
