e charity group -- which is also known as medecins sans frontieres , or msf , and provides medical care in some of the world 's most dangerous places -- is calling the strike an " attack on the geneva conventions " and urging an independent investigation by a never-before-used international commission . newline_char " acknowledging the great respect he has for the important and lifesaving work that msf does for vulnerable communities in afghanistan and around the world , the president assured liu of his expectation that the department of defense investigation currently underway would provide a transparent , thorough and objective accounting of the  story_separator_special_tag president barack obama has apologized to doctors without borders for the u.s. bombing of the international medical charity 's hospital that killed 22 people last weekend in kunduz , afghanistan . newline_char white house spokesman josh earnest said obama called the medical group 's president , dr. newline_char msf has suggested that the bombing could be considered a war crime , but white house spokesman earnest said " no one has offered any evidence that it 's anything but a terrible , tragic mistake . story_separator_special_tag washington/geneva u.s. president barack obama on wednesday apologized to medecins sans frontieres for the deadly bombing of its hospital in kunduz , afghanistan , while the medical charity pressed its demand for an international commission to investigate what it calls a war crime . newline_char msf said that an independent humanitarian commission created under the geneva conventions in 1991 should be activated for the first time to handle the inquiry . newline_char obama telephoned msf , or doctors without borders , international president joanne liu to apologize and express his condolences , white house spokesman josh earnest said . newline_char earnest said obama told liu that a u.s. investigation would " provide a transparent , thorough and objective accounting of the facts and circumstances of the incident .
