dia has rejected nsa leaker edward snowden 's request for political asylum , the external affairs ministry said tuesday . newline_char the anti-secrecy group wikileaks has said that snowden has applied to more than 20 countries for asylum , including india and china . story_separator_special_tag image caption edward snowden is believed to be staying at moscow 's sheremetyevo airport fugitive us intelligence leaker edward snowden has sent asylum requests to 21 countries , according to a statement published by wikileaks . story_separator_special_tag nsa leaker edward snowden 's attempts to seek refuge outside the united states hit hurdles tuesday , after russian media reported he canceled his asylum bid in russia and several european countries said such applications would n't be considered if they were made from abroad . newline_char ( associated press ) this screenshot made of the wikileaks website shows a letter identified as being from nsa leaker edward snowden on monday , july 1 , 2013 . newline_char ( associated press ) russian news agencies tuesday quoted president vladimir putin 's spokesman dmitry peskov as saying that snowden withdrew his request when he learnt about the terms moscow has set out . newline_char putin said on monday that russia is ready to shelter snowden as long as he stops leaking u.s. secrets . story_separator_special_tag ecuador is not considering edward snowden 's asylum request and never intended to facilitate his flight from hong kong , president rafael correa said , as the whistleblower made a personal plea to quito for his case to be heard . newline_char snowden was russia 's responsibility and would have to reach ecuadorean territory before the country would consider any asylum request , the president said in an interview with the guardian on monday . newline_char " the president , speaking at the presidential palace in quito , said his government did not intentionally help snowden travel from hong kong to moscow with a temporary travel pass . story_separator_special_tag 
