t , as we also reported , the nomination by chowdhry itself proved counterproductive when a comment underneath the professor ’ s post explained that nobel foundation rules forbid public disclosure of nominations for 50 years i.e . story_separator_special_tag even as his face towered 10 feet above the crowd at the bitcoin investor ’ s conference in las vegas , craig steven wright was , to most of the audience of crypto and finance geeks , a nobody . newline_char even as his face towered 10 feet above the crowd at the bitcoin investor ’ s conference in las vegas , craig steven wright was , to most of the audience of crypto and finance geeks , a nobody . story_separator_special_tag the identity of " satoshi nakamoto " , the pseudonym of the mysterious individual or group that created the concept of bitcoin in late 2009 , has been the subject of frenzied investigation by the currency 's enthusiasts and the tech press for years . newline_char update : the house belonging to craig wright in north ryde has been raided by police , the guardian reports . story_separator_special_tag even as his face towered 10 feet above the crowd at the bitcoin investor ’ s conference in las vegas , craig steven wright was , to most of the audience of crypto and finance geeks , a nobody . newline_char even as his face towered 10 feet above the crowd at the bitcoin investor ’ s conference in las vegas , craig steven wright was , to most of the audience of crypto and finance geeks , a nobody . story_separator_special_tag sydney , australia — the australian authorities on wednesday raided the home of a computer expert and entrepreneur in suburban sydney , just hours after two news outlets identified the man as a likely creator of the digital currency bitcoin . newline_char the australian federal police said the raid on the residence of the man , craig steven wright , was for a tax investigation , and a spokesman said it had no connection to the bitcoin reports . newline_char wright and satoshi nakamoto , the pseudonymous creator of the virtual currency that has grown to billions of dollars in total value .
