 promise your offsets will provide far more money to non-profits that support gays than buying a sandwich at chick-fil-a ends up putting in the pockets of anti-gay-rights organizations . newline_char if you 'd rather give money directly to gay-rights organizations without an offset or middleman or chicken sandwich , might i suggest freedom to marry ? newline_char chicken offset is not affiliated , associated , authorized , endorsed by , or in any way officially or unofficially connected with chick-fil-a , any chick-fil-a owner-operators , the cathy family , it gets better , the williams institute , or freedom to marry . newline_char i 'm ted frank and i love the chicken sandwiches at chick-fil-a . newline_char i 'm ted frank and i love the chicken sandwiches at chick-fil-a . newline_char but i also like my gay-married friends and do n't like the guilt of indirectly supporting chick-fil-a 's stance on gay rights . newline_char your offsets will provide far more money to non-profits that support gays than buying a sandwich at chick-fil-a ends up putting in the pockets of anti-gay-rights organizations . story_separator_special_tag d.c. lawyer and activist ted frank is now offering a way for chicken-lovers to have their sandwich and support gay rights , too , with chicken offsets . newline_char i 'm ted frank and i love the chicken sandwiches at chick-fil-a . newline_char i 'm ted frank and i love the chicken sandwiches at chick-fil-a . newline_char but i also like my gay-married friends and do n't like the guilt of indirectly supporting chick-fil-a 's stance on gay rights . newline_char your offsets will provide far more money to non-profits that support gays than buying a sandwich at chick-fil-a ends up putting in the pockets of anti-gay-rights organizations . newline_char " i posted on facebook that donating money to gay rights causes did a heck of a lot more good than depriving christian groups of $ 0.0001 by boycotting chick-fil-a , " frank tells the huffington post . newline_char the website now has lots of questions and answers on the faq page , too , including a response to one concern that 's come up a lot since the chicken offset site went live : " should n't i just give money directly to charity instead of paying a middleman for an offset ?
