esident approves release of gop memo criticizing fbi surveillance the white house washington february 2 , 2018 the honorable devin nunes chairman , house permanent select committee on intelligence united states capitol washington , dc 20515 dear mr. newline_char ed information provided to the committee in connection with its oversight activities ( the ? newline_char as provided by clause 11 ( g ) of rule of the house of representatives , the committee has forwarded this memorandum to the president based on its determination that the release of the memorandum would serve the public interest . newline_char the constitution vests the president with the authority to protect national security secrets from it disclosure . newline_char in order to facilitate appropriate congressional oversight , the executive branch may entrust classi ? newline_char the executive branch does so on the assumption that the committee will responsibly protect such classi ? newline_char the committee has now determined that the release of the memorandum would be appropriate . newline_char the executive branch , across administrations of both parties , has worked to accommodate congressional requests to declassify speci ? newline_char consistent with this review and these standards , the president has determined that declassification of the memorandum is appropriate . newline_char cant public interest in the memorandum , the president has authorized the declassi ? newline_char cation through this process are extraordinary , the executive branch stands ready to work with congress to accommodate oversight requests consistent with applicable standards and processes , including the need to protect intelligence sources and methods . newline_char ed by order of the president february 2 , 2018 january 18 , 2018 to : hpsci majority members from : hpsci majority staff subject : foreign intelligence surveillance act abuses at the department of justice and the federal bureau of investigation purpose this memorandum provides members an update on significant facts relating to the committee ? story_separator_special_tag 
