e world 's major central banks unleashed coordinated action wednesday to ease the increasing strains on the global financial system , a move that sent stock markets up sharply . newline_char the european central bank , u.s. federal reserve , the bank of england and the central banks of canada , japan and switzerland are all taking part in the operation , which is designed to " enhance their capacity to provide liquidity support to the global financial system . newline_char the european central bank , u.s. federal reserve , the bank of england and the central banks of canada , japan and switzerland are all taking part in the operation , which is designed to " enhance their capacity to provide liquidity support to the global financial system . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag the european central bank , u.s. federal reserve , the bank of england and the central banks of canada , japan and switzerland are all taking part in the operation , which is designed to " enhance their capacity to provide liquidity support to the global financial system . newline_char the european central bank , u.s. federal reserve , the bank of england and the central banks of canada , japan and switzerland are all taking part in the operation , which is designed to " enhance their capacity to provide liquidity support to the global financial system . story_separator_special_tag for release at 8:00 a.m. est the bank of canada , the bank of england , the bank of japan , the european central bank , the federal reserve , and the swiss national bank are today announcing coordinated actions to enhance their capacity to provide liquidity support to the global financial system . newline_char as a contingency measure , these central banks have also agreed to establish temporary bilateral liquidity swap arrangements so that liquidity can be provided in each jurisdiction in any of their currencies should market conditions so warrant . newline_char federal reserve actions the federal open market committee has authorized an extension of the existing temporary u.s. dollar liquidity swap arrangements with the bank of canada , the bank of england , the bank of japan , the european central bank , and the swiss national bank through february 1 , 2013 . newline_char in addition , as a contingency measure , the federal open market committee has agreed to establish similar temporary swap arrangements with these five central banks to provide liquidity in any of their currencies if necessary .
