ap ) loretta lynch delivered opening remarks before the senate judiciary committee at a hearing on tuesday where she was being considered as president obama ’ s nominee for attorney general . newline_char ( ap ) loretta lynch delivered opening remarks before the senate judiciary committee at a hearing on tuesday where she was being considered as president obama ’ s nominee for attorney general . newline_char during an all-day confirmation hearing that highlighted republican anger with the administration , lynch declined repeated opportunities to disavow actions taken by the justice department under attorney general eric h. newline_char 1 of 16 full screen autoplay close skip ad × loretta lynch appears for confirmation hearing view photos the nominee for u.s. attorney general testified before the senate judiciary committee . newline_char caption nominee for u.s. attorney general testifies before the senate judiciary committee . newline_char lynch appears for her confirmation hearing at the senate judiciary committee on capitol hill . story_separator_special_tag ' i will be loretta lynch ' the attorney general nominee promised senators a fresh start from the eric holder era . newline_char president barack obama ’ s attorney general nominee came to capitol hill with one overriding message wednesday : “ i will be loretta lynch. newline_char ” translation : she won ’ t be eric holder — not the attorney general who has angered republicans during a six-year contentious relationship in which lawmakers called for his resignation and the house held him in contempt . newline_char story continued below but senate republicans repeatedly used lynch ’ s nearly eight-hour confirmation hearing to invoke the controversies of holder ’ s tenure , even as she pledge a fresh start with congress , promised to maintain her independence from the white house and repeatedly declined to be pulled into drawn-out debates about issues like immigration , gay marriage and alleged targeting of conservative groups by the internal revenue service .
