 his commencement address to howard university graduates on saturday , barack obama made specific mention of a new generation of black activists , including those involved in black lives matter and “ black twitter ” , for raising national awareness over inequality in the criminal justice system . newline_char seven days , three speeches : one week in the life of having a black president read more his praise came with a series of suggestions about how activists could most easily create actual change : through electoral politics and compromise . newline_char ” obama stressed the need for willingness to sit at the table with opponents and openness to imperfect victories in his address to the historically black university in washington dc . story_separator_special_tag president barack obama delivered stirring remarks about the state of american race relations at howard university commencement saturday afternoon . newline_char the president highlighted the progress of black americans have made since his graduation from columbia university in 1983 , but also set forth a blueprint for the future . newline_char echoing his 2008 speech on race relations , " a more perfect union , " obama urged the students at the historically black college to embrace their heritage and affect systemic change through the political process . newline_char be confident in your blackness , " the president said . story_separator_special_tag  story_separator_special_tag president obama 's speech at howard university 's commencement on may 7 was full of advice on civic engagement , black history and democracy . newline_char one of those moments happened saturday when president obama became the sixth sitting president to give a commencement speech at howard university , a school founded by the freedman 's bureau for freed slaves and their children just two years after the civil war . newline_char howard remains one of the largest and most prestigious historically black colleges and universities in the united states and one of very few with both medical and law schools .
