el free to post it far and wide and chat about it everywhere , ” mansour wrote in a july 3 , 2010 , message , “ first , shannyn gets no pay for her show . newline_char mansour serves as palin ’ s domestic policy adviser and speechwriter . story_separator_special_tag a series of messages forwarded to the daily caller show a top aide to former alaska gov . newline_char red state editor-in-chief and cnn contributor erick erickson is “ a total douchebag , ” wrote palin speechwriter and domestic policy adviser rebecca mansour in a may 22 , 2010 , message . newline_char red state editor-in-chief and cnn contributor erick erickson is “ a total douchebag , ” wrote palin speechwriter and domestic policy adviser rebecca mansour in a may 22 , 2010 , message . newline_char ” “ would love to tell mitt ’ s lackeys to stop backstabbing my boss anonymously , ” mansour wrote . newline_char ” “ would love to tell mitt ’ s lackeys to stop backstabbing my boss anonymously , ” mansour wrote . story_separator_special_tag a series of messages forwarded to the daily caller show a top aide to former alaska gov . newline_char red state editor-in-chief and cnn contributor erick erickson is “ a total douchebag , ” wrote palin speechwriter and domestic policy adviser rebecca mansour in a may 22 , 2010 , message . newline_char red state editor-in-chief and cnn contributor erick erickson is “ a total douchebag , ” wrote palin speechwriter and domestic policy adviser rebecca mansour in a may 22 , 2010 , message . newline_char ” “ would love to tell mitt ’ s lackeys to stop backstabbing my boss anonymously , ” mansour wrote . newline_char ” “ would love to tell mitt ’ s lackeys to stop backstabbing my boss anonymously , ” mansour wrote . story_separator_special_tag sarah palin has used twitter to weigh in constantly on politics and policy , often driving full media frenzies over a one-sentence message . newline_char but palin ’ s account was silent tuesday morning , as the daily caller published direct messages on twitter from a member of the former alaska governor and vice presidential candidate ’ s inner circle showing the aide ’ s disdain for some conservative personalities and even criticism of palin ’ s daughter . newline_char likely the most damaging internal messages regard palin ’ s daughter bristol , whom mansour predicts will be held “ at arm ’ s length ” by the former alaska governor . newline_char but it ’ s life , ” mansour wrote . story_separator_special_tag 
